# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## AWS Cloud Practitioner-150-questions

**Question 1**

1.  A company is migrating a monolithic application that does not scale well into the cloud and refactoring it into a microservices architecture. Which best practice of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this plan related to?
*  A. Stop spending money on undifferentiated heavy lifting.
*  B. Implement loosely coupled services.
*  C. Manage change in automation.
*  D. Use multiple solutions to improve performance.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
A microservices architecture will help ensure that each component of the
application can scale independently and be updated independently. Loose coupling
further assists as it reduces the dependencies between systems and ensures that
messages and data being passed between application components can be reliably
and durably stored.
CORRECT: "Implement loosely coupled services" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Stop spending money on undifferentiated heavy lifting" is incorrect.
This is not the best practice being implemented by the company.
INCORRECT: "Manage change in automation" is incorrect. This is not the best
practice being implemented by the company.
INCORRECT: "Use multiple solutions to improve performance" is incorrect. This is
not the best practice being implemented by the company.




**Question 2**

2.  What can a Cloud Practitioner use to categorize and track AWS costs by project?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. Consolidated billing
*  C. Cost Allocation Tags
*  D. Multiple accounts

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Cost allocation tags can be used to tag and categorize your resources and then run
view the billing in Cost Explorer and the cost allocation report. For example you can
tag your resources by department or project and then view costs attributed to the
resources used by those groups.
CORRECT: "Cost Allocation Tags" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. This service advises you on best
practices for provisioning resources.
INCORRECT: "Consolidated billing" is incorrect. Consolidated billing will give you
usage per account but not per project.
INCORRECT: "Multiple accounts" is incorrect. You do not need to split your usage
across multiple accounts, you can instead use cost allocation tags.



**Question 3**

3.  Which AWS service can a team use to deploy infrastructure on AWS using familiar programming languages?
*  A. AWS CodeCommit
*  B. AWS Config
*  C. AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK)
*  D. Amazon CodeGuru

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
The AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) is an open source software
development framework to define cloud application resources using familiar
programming languages. With AWS CDK you can stick to using programming
languages that are familiar to you and have infrastructure deployed using AWS
CloudFormation.
CORRECT: "AWS Cloud Development Kit (Aws CDK)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CodeGuru" is incorrect. CodeGuru is used to review code and
provide intelligent recommendations for improvement.
INCORRECT: "AWS Config" is incorrect. AWS Config is used for configuration
compliance management.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodeCommit" is incorrect. CodeCommit is a fully-managed source
control service.



**Question 4**

4.  Which AWS Cloud service provides recommendations on how to optimize performance for AWS services?
*  A. Amazon Inspector
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. AWS CloudTrail
*  D. Amazon CloudWatch

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Trusted Advisor can improve the performance of your service by checking your
service limits, ensuring you take advantage of provisioned throughput, and
monitoring for overutilized instances.
CORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Inspector is an automated security
assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications
deployed on AWS.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. CloudWatch monitors performance
but does not provide recommendations for optimization.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is incorrect. CloudTrail is an auditing service.




**Question 5**

5.  Which tasks can a user complete using the AWS Cost Management tools? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Create budgets and receive notifications if current or forecasted usage exceeds the budgets.
*  B. Break down AWS costs by day, service, and linked AWS account.
*  C. Launch either EC2 Spot instances or On-Demand instances based on the current pricing.
*  D. Move data stored in Amazon S3 Standard to an archiving storage class to reduce cost.
*  E. Automatically terminate AWS resources if budget thresholds are exceeded

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
The AWS Cost Management tools includes services, tools. and resources to organize and track cost and usage
data, enhance control through consolidated billing and access permissions, enable better planning through
budgeting and forecasts, and further lower costs with resources and pricing optimizations.
CORRECT: "Break down AWS costs by day, service, and linked AWS account" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Create budgets and receive notifications if current or forecasted usage exceeds the budgets" is also
a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Automatically terminate AWS resources if budget thresholds are exceeded" is incorrect. The cost
management tools will not do this for you but they could generate an alert which could be processed by
another service to terminate resources.
INCORRECT: "Launch either EC2 Spot instances or On-Demand instances based on the current pricing" is
incorrect. The cost management tools do not integrate with the tools used to launch EC2 instances and cannot
choose the best pricing plan.
INCORRECT: "Move data stored in Amazon S3 Standard to an archiving storage class to reduce cost" is incorrect.
This is performed using lifecycle management in Amazon S3, it is not a task performed by cost management
tools.



**Question 6**

6.  A company must provide access to AWS resources for their employees. Which security practices should they follow? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Create IAM users in different AWS Regions.
*  B. Create IAM Roles and apply them to IAM groups.
*  C. Disable password policies and management console access.
*  D. Create IAM policies based on least privilege principles.
*  E. Enable multi-factor authentication for users.

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
There are several security best practices for AWS IAM that are listed in the document shared
below. Enabling multi-factor authentication is a best practice to require a second factor of
authentication when logging in. Another best practice is to grant least privilege access when
configuring users and password policies.
CORRECT: "Enable multi-factor authentication for users" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Create IAM policies based on least privilege principles" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Disable password policies and management console access" is incorrect. This is
not a security best practice. There is no need to disable management console access and
password policies should be used.
INCORRECT: "Create IAM users in different AWS Regions" is incorrect. You cannot create IAM
users in different Regions as the IAM service is a global service.
INCORRECT: "Create IAM Roles and apply them to IAM groups" is incorrect. You cannot apply
roles to groups, you apply policies to groups.



**Question 7**

7.  How much data can a company store in the Amazon S3 service?
*  A. 100 TB
*  B. Virtually unlimited
*  C. 100 PB

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) offers virtually unlimited storage. The total
volume of data and number of objects you can store are unlimited. Individual
Amazon S3 objects can range in size from a O bytes to a maximum of 5
terabytes. The largest object that can be uploaded in a single PUT is 5 gigabytes.
CORRECT: "Virtually unlimited" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "1 PB" is incorrect. There is no such limit.
INCORRECT: "100 TB" is incorrect. There is no such limit.
INCORRECT: "100 PB" is incorrect. There is no such limit.



**Question 8**

8.  Which resource should a new user on AWS use to get help with deploying popular technologies based on AWS best practices, including architecture and deployment instructions?
*  A. AWS Quick Starts
*  B. AWS Artifact
*  C. AWS config
*  D. AWS CloudFormation

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Quick Starts are built by Amazon Web Services (AWS) solutions architects and partners to help
you deploy popular technologies on AWS, based on AWS best practices for security and high
availability. These accelerators reduce hundreds of manual procedures into just a few steps, so
you can build your production environment quickly and start using it immediately.
Each Quick Start includes AWS CloudFormation templates that automate the deployment and a
guide that discusses the architecture and provides step-by-step deployment instructions.
CORRECT: "AWS Quick Starts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudFormation" is incorrect. CloudFormation is used to deploy
infrastructure from templates, the Quick Starts use Cloud Formation.
INCORRECT: "AWS Artifact" is incorrect. Artifact provides on-demand access to AWS security
and compliance reports.
INCORRECT: "AWS Config" is incorrect. Config is a service used for compliance relating to the
configuration of AWS resources.



**Question 9**

9.  A CloudPractitioner anticipates an increase in application traffic at a future date and time when a sales event will take place. How can the Cloud Practitioner configure Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to ensure the right number of Amazon EC2 instances are available ahead of the event?
*  A. Configure a step scaling policy.
*  B. Configure a scheduled scaling policy.
*  C. Configure predictive scaling.
*  D. Configure a target tracking scaling policy.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Scheduled scaling helps you to set up your own scaling schedule according to predictable load
changes. For example, let's say that every week the traffic to your web application starts to
increase on Wednesday, remains high on Thursday, and starts to decrease on Friday. You can
configure a schedule for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to increase capacity on Wednesday and
decrease capacity on Friday.
CORRECT: "Configure a scheduled scaling policy" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Configure predictive scaling" is incorrect. Predictive scaling uses daily and weekly
trends to determine when to scale. In this case the Cloud Practitioner knows about the event
that will require more resources.
INCORRECT: "Configure a target tracking scaling policy" is incorrect. This policy will cause the
ASG to attempt to keep resource utilization at the target value.
INCORRECT: "Configure a step scaling policy" is incorrect. Step scaling will launch resources in
response to demand, this will not ensure the resource are ready at the right time as there will
be a delay.



**Question 10**

10.  Customers using AWS services must patch operating systems on which of the following services?
*  A. Amazon DynamoDB
*  B. AWS Fargate
*  C. Amazon EC2
*  D. AWS Lambda

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 is an infrastructure as a service (IaaS) solution. This means the underlying
hardware and software layer for running a virtual server are managed for you. As a
customer you must then manage the operating system and any software you install. This
includes installing patches on the operating system as part of regular maintenance activities.
CORRECT: "Amazon EC2' is the correct answer.

INCORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is incorrect. This is a serverless service and you do not need to manage patches.

INCORRECT: "AWS Fargate" is incorrect. This is a serverless service and you do not need to manage patches.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. This is a serverless service and you do not need to manage patches.



**Question 11**

11.  A company is deploying a new workload and software licensing requirements dictate that the workload must be run on a specific, physical server. Which Amazon EC2 instance deployment option should be used?
*  A. Dedicated Hosts
*  B. Dedicated Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. Reserved Instances

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host is a physical server fully dedicated for your use, so you
can help address corporate compliance requirements. Amazon EC2 Dedicated Hosts allow
you to use your eligible software licenses from vendors such as Microsoft and Oracle on
Amazon EC2, so that you get the flexibility and cost effectiveness of using your own
licenses, but with the resiliency, simplicity and elasticity of AWS
CORRECT: "Dedicated Hosts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Dedicated Instances" is incorrect. With dedicated instances you are not
given a specific physical server to run your instances on.
INCORRECT: "Spot Instances" is incorrect. This deployment option does not provide a
specific physical server.
INCORRECT: "Reserved Instances" is incorrect. This deployment option does not provide a
specific physical server.




**Question 12**

12.  An Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) can include multiple:
*  A. Availability Zones.
*  B. Internet gateways.
*  C. Edge locations.
*  D. AWS Regions.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Amazon VPC includes multiple Availability Zones. Within a VPC you can
create subnets in each AZ that is available in the Region and distribute your
resources across these subnets for high availability.
CORRECT: "Availability Zones" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Regions" is incorrect. A VPC cannot include multiple Regions.
INCORRECT: "Edge locations" is incorrect. A VPC cannot include multiple Edge
locations as these are independent of the Region in which a VPC is created.
INCORRECT: "Internet gateways" is incorrect. You can only attach one Internet
gateway to each VPC.



**Question 13**

13.  A company needs to publish messages to thousands of subscribers simultaneously using a push mechanism. Which AWS service should the company use?
*  A. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
*  B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
*  C. Amazon Simple Workflow Service (SWF)
*  D. AWS Step Functions

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon SNS is a publisher/subscriber notification service that uses a push mechanism to
publish messages to multiple subscribers. Amazon SNS enables you to send messages or
notifications directly to users with SMS text messages to over 200 countries, mobile push
on Apple, Android and other platforms or email (SMTP).
CORRECT: "Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)" is incorrect. SQS is a message
queue service used for decoupling applications.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Workflow Service (SWF)" iS incorrect. SWF is a workflow
orchestration service, not a messaging service.
INCORRECT: "AWS Step Functions" is incorrect. AWS Step Functions is a serverless
workflow orchestration service for modern applications.



**Question 14**

14.  Which type of credential should a Cloud Practitioner use for programmatic access to AWS resources from the AWS CLI/API?
*  A. User name and password
*  B. Access keys
*  C. SSH public keys
*  D. SSL/TLS certificate

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. You can use
access keys to sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI or AWS API (directly or using the AWS
SDK).
Access keys consist of two parts: an access key ID (for example, AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE) and a
secret access key (for example wJalrXUtnFEMl/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY).
Like a user name and password, you must use both the access key ID and secret access key
together to authenticate your requests. Manage your access keys as securely as you do your user
name and password.
CORRECT: "Access keys" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "SSL/TLS certificate" is incorrect. Certificates are npt used by users for authenticating
to AWS services.
INCORRECT: "SSH public keys" is incorrect. These are used for connections using the SSH protocol.
INCORRECT: "User name and password" is incorrect. An IAM user name and password can be used
for console access but cannot be used with the CLI or API.




**Question 15**

15.  A company is planning to move a number of legacy applications to the AWS Cloud. The solution must be cost-effective. Which approach should the company take?
*  A. Migrate the applications to dedicated hosts on Amazon EC2.
*  B. Use AWS Lambda to host the legacy applications in the cloud.
*  C. Rehost the applications on Amazon EC2 instances that are right-sized.
*  D. Use an Amazon S3 static website to host the legacy application code.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
The most cost-effective solution that works is to use Amazon EC2 instances that are
right-sized with the moss optimum instance types. Right-sizing is the process of ensuring
that the instance type selected for each application provides the right amount of
resources for the application.
CORRECT: "Rehost the applications on Amazon EC2 instances that are right-sized" is the
correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Migrate the applications to dedicated hosts on Amazon EC2" is incorrect.
Dedicated hosts are expensive and there is no need to use them with this solution.
INCORRECT: "Use AWS Lambda to host the legacy applications in the cloud" is incorrect. It
is unlikely that you can simply host legacy applications using AWS Lambda.
INCORRECT: "Use an Amazon S3 static website to host the legacy application code" is
incorrect. You cannot host legacy application code in an S3 static website, only static
content is possible.



**Question 16**

16.  A company plans to use reserved instances to get discounted pricing for Amazon EC2 instances. The company may need to change the EC2 instance type during the one year period. Which instance purchasing 6ption is the MOST cost-effective for this use case?
*  A. Standard Reserved Instances
*  B. Zonal Reserved Instances
*  C. Regional Reserved Instances
*  D. Convertible Reserved Instances

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A convertible reserved instance enables you to exchange one or more Convertible
Reserved Instances for another Convertible Reserved Instance with a different
configuration, including instance family, operating system, and tenancy.
CORRECT: "Convertible reserved Instances" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Standard Reserved Instances" is incorrect. With standard RIS you
cannot change the instance type but you can change the instance size.
INCORRECT: "Regional Reserved Instances" is incorrect. Regional RIS apply to
instance usage within any AZ in a specified Region.
INCORRECT: "Zonal Reserved Instances" is incorrect. Zonal RIS apply to instance
usage within a specific AZ within an AWS Region.



**Question 17**

17.  A company is deploying a new web application in a single AWS Region that will be used by users globally. Which AWS services will assist with lowering latency and improving transfer speeds f" the global users? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Direct Connect
*  B. AWS Transfer Gateway
*  C. AWS Global Accelerator
*  D. Amazon CloudFront
*  E. AWS Snowcone

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that caches content around the world for
lower latency access. AWS Global Accelerator enables access to your application by leveraging the
same Edge Locations as CloudFront and routing connections across the AWS global network.
Both of these services assist with lowering latency and improving transfer speeds for users who are
distributed around the world.
CORRECT: "AWS Global Accelerator" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect. This service provides private connections from data
centers to AWS. It is not useful for distributed users as they will pot be able to take advantage of it.
INCORRECT: "AWS Transfer Gateway" is incorrect. This service is used for optimizing the network
topology of interconnected VPCs and on-premises networks.
INCORRECT: "AWS Snowcone" is incorrect. Snowcone is used as an edge device for transferring data.



**Question 18**

18.  According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is a responsibility of AWS?
*  A. Configuring network ACLs to block malicious attacks.
*  B. Patching software running on Amazon EC2 instances.
*  C. Updating the firmware on the underlying EC2 hosts.
*  D. Updating security group rules to enable connectivity.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS are responsible for updating firmware on the physical Amazon EC2 host servers.
Customers are then responsible for any patching of the EC2 operating system and any
installed software.
CORRECT: "Updating the firmware on the underlying EC2 hosts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Configuring network ACLs to block malicious attacks" is incorrect. This is a
customer responsibility.
INCORRECT : "Patching software running on Amazon EC2 instances" is incorrect. This is a
customer responsibility.
INCORRECT : "Updating security group rules to enable connectivity" is incorrect. This is a
customer responsibility.



**Question 19**

19.  Which AWS service provides a managed software version control system?
*  A. AWS CodePipeline
*  B. AWS CodeCommit
*  C. Amazon CodeDeploy
*  D. AWS DataSync

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS CodeCommit is a fully-managed source control service that hosts secure Git-based
repositories. It makes it "sy for teams to collaborate on code in a secure and highly scalable
ecosystem.
CodeCommit eliminates the need to operate your own source control system or worry about
scaling its infrastructure. You can use (Codecommit to securely store anything from source code
to binaries, and it works seamlessly with your existing Git tools.
CORRECT: "AWS codecommit" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CodeDeploy" is incorrect. CodeDeploy is a deployment service that
deploys your application onto infrastructure.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodePipeline" is incorrect. CodePipeline is a continuous delivery service that
automates release pipelines for code. CodeCommit can be used in a pipeline.
INCORRECT: "AWS DataSync" is incorrect. DataSync is used for replication and migrating data
between storage systems and AWS.



**Question 20**

20.  Which of the following AWS features or services can be used to provide root storage volumes for Amazon EC2 instances?
*  A. Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)
*  B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)
*  C. Amazon Machine Image
*  D. Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) provides block-based storage volumes for Amazon
EC2 instances. Root volumes are where the operating system is installed and can be
either EBS volumes or instance store_volumes.
CORRECT: "Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Machine Image" is incorrect. An AMI provides the information
required to launch an instance including the mapping of EBS volumes.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)" is incorrect. EFS volumes cannot be used
for the root storage volume but can be mounted to store data.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)" is incorrect. Amazon S3 buckets cannot
be attached to EC2 instances in any way, it is a service that is accessed via a REST API.



**Question 21**

21.  A customer needs to determine Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for a workload that requires physical isolation. Which hosting model should be accounted for?
*  A. Dedicated Hosts
*  B. On-Demand Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. Reserved Instances

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host is a physical server with EC2 instance capacity fully dedicated to
your use. Dedicated Hosts allow you to use your existing per-socket, per-core, or per-VM
software licenses, including Windows Server, Microsoft SQL Server, SUSE, and Linux Enterprise
Server.
Note that dedicated hosts can be considered a "hosting model" as it determines the actual
underlying infrastructure that is used for running your workload. All of the other answers are
simply pricing plans for shared hosting models.
CORRECT: "Dedicated Hosts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Reserved Instances" is incorrect as this pricing model does not support physical
isolation.
INCORRECT: "On-Demand Instances" is incorrect as this pricing model does not support physical
isolation.
INCORRECT: "Spot Instances" is incorrect as this hosting pricing does not support physical
isolation.



**Question 22**

22.   Which of the following statements best describes the concept of agility in relation to cloud computing on AWS? (Select TWO.)
*  A. The ability to experiment quiådy.
*  B. The ability to automatically scale capacity.
*  C. The elimination of wasted capacity.
*  D. The speed at which AWS rolls out new features.
*  E. The speed at which AWS resources can be created.

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
In a cloud computing environment, new IT resources are only a click away, which means that
you reduce the time to make those resources available to your developers from weeks to just
minutes. This results in a dramatic increase in agility for the organization, since the cost and
time it takes to experiment and develop is significantly lower.
CORRECT: "The ability to experiment quickly" iS a correct answer.
CORRECT: "The speed at which AWS resources can be created" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "The speed at which AWS rolls out new features" is incorrect. This is not a
statement that describes agility.
INCORRECT: "The elimination of wasted capacity" is incorrect. This is also known as right-sizing
and it is a cost benefit of running in the cloud. It is not a statement that describes agility.
INCORRECT: "The ability to automatically scale capacity" is incorrect. Auto scaling ensures you
have the right amount of capacity available.



**Question 23**

23.  Which AWS service or feature can assist with protecting a website that is hosted outside of AWS?
*  A. Amazon EC2 security groups
*  B. AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)
*  C. Amazon VPC network ACLs
*  D. Amazon VPC route tables

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS WAF can be used to protect on-premises resources if they are deployed behind an
Application Load Balancer (ALB). In this scenario the on-premises website servers are
added to a target group by IP address. The ALB has a WAF WebACL attached to it and
distributes connections to the on-premises website.
CORRECT: "AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon VPC route tables" is incorrect. A route table cannot be used for
protecting resources running outside AWS.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2 security groups" is incorrect: Security groups can only be
attached to EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "Amazon VPC network ACLs" is incorrect. Network ACLs only filter traffic
entering and leaving a VPC subnet.



**Question 24**

24.  Which of the following AWS services are compute services? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  B. AWS CloudTrail
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. Amazon EFS
*  E. AWS Batch

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
AWS Batch enables developers, scientists, and engineers to easily and efficiently run hundreds
of thousands of batch computing jobs on AWS.
AWS Elastic Beanstalk is an easy-to-use service for deploying and scaling web applications and
services developed with Java, .NET, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go, and Docker on familiar
servers such "Apache, Nginx, Passenger, and IIS.
CORRECT: "AWS Batch" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS Elastic Beanstalk" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is incorrect. CloudTrail is used for auditing.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EFS" is incorrect. The Elastic File System (EFS) is used for storing data and
is mounted by EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Amazon Inspector is an automated security
assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on
AWS.



**Question 25**

25.  A company is deploying an application in the AWS Cloud. How can they  secure the application? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Configure public access for the AWS services used by the application.
*  B. Provide full admin access to developer and operations staff.
*  C. Enable monitoring by turning off encryption for data in transit.
*  D. Limit access privileges according to the principle least privilege.
*  E. Enable encryption for the application data at rest.

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
In this scenario the company must apply best practice principles for securing their application.
Enabling encryption for data at rest is definitely a good practice and data in transit should also be
encrypted where possible well. It is also a good practice to limit access privileges according to
the principle of least privilege. This means limiting privileges to those required to perform a
specific role.
CORRECT: "Enable encryption for the application data attest" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Limit access privileges according to the principle of least privilege" is also a correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "Configure public access for the AWS services used by the application" is incorrect. In
some cases public access may be required and in that case only the front end service(s) should be
configured for public access. Otherwise it would be best to not enable public access.
INCORRECT: "Enable monitoring by turning off encryption for data in transit" is incorrect. There is
no need to turn off encryption in transit to enable monitoring and this would reduce security.
INCORRECT: "Provide full admin access to developer and operations staff" is incorrect. This is not a
security best practice; it is better to assign permissions according to the principle of least privilege.



**Question 26**

26.  A company is deploying an application on Amazon EC2 that requires low-latency access to application components in an on-premises data center. Which AWS service or resource can the company use to extend their existing VPC to the on-premises data center?
*  A. Amazon Workspaces
*  B. AWS Outposts
*  C. AWS Direct Connect
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Outposts is a fully managed service that offers the same AWS infrastructure, AWS
services, APIs, and tools to virtually any datacenter, co-location space, or on-premises
facility for a truly consistent hybrid experience. With AWS Outposts you can extend your
PC into the on-premises data center as in the following diagram:
CORRECT: "AWS Outposts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Connect" is incorrect. Amazon Connect provides a seamless
omnichannel experience through a single unified contact center for voice, chat, and task
management.
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect. Direct Connect is used for creating a
low-latency private connection to an on-premises data center but it cannot be used to
extend the VPC.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Workspaces" is incorrect. Amazon WorkSpaces is a managed,
secure Desktop-as-a-Service (DaaS) solution.



**Question 27**

27.  Which of the following is a sole responsibility of AWS?
*  A. Customer data access controls
*  B. Application deployment
*  C. Patch management
*  D. Availability Zone management

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
According to the shared responsibility model, AWS is responsible for the management of
all AWS global infrastructure components including Regions, Availability Zones, Edge
locations, Regional Edge Caches, and Local Zones.
CORRECT: "Availability One management" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Application deployment" is incorrect. Applications are deployed by
customers, not AWS.
INCORRECT: "Patch management" is incorrect. Patch management is a shared
responsibility. Customers must patch instances databases running on EC2 and AWS will
patch the underlying infrastructure and some managed services.
INCORRECT: "Customer data access controls" is incorrect. Customers are responsible for
implementing access controls for their data.



**Question 28**

28.  Which of the following can an AWS customer use to launch a new ElastiCache cluster? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Management Consolö
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. AWS Concierge
*  D. AWS Data Pipeline
*  E. AWS CloudFormation

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
There are several ways to launch resources in AWS. You can use the AWS Management Console or
Command Line Interface (CLI) or you can automate the process by using tools such as AWS
CloudFormation.
With AWS CloudFormation you can deploy infrastructure such as Amazon ElastiCache clusters by
defining your desired configuration state in code using a template file written in JSON or YAML.
CloudFormation will then deploy the råesources by creating a Stack according to the template file.
CORRECT: "AWS CloudFormation" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS Management Console" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Concierge" is incorrect. The Concierge Support Team is available for customer who
have an Enterprise level support plan. This team does nat launch resources for you.
INCORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is incorrect. Systems Manager will not launch an ElastiCache
cluster for you.
INCORRECT: "AWS Data Pipeline" is incorrect. AWS Data Pipeline is a web service that helps you reliably
process and move data between different AWS compute and storage services.



**Question 29**

29.  An application uses a PostgreSQL database running on a single Amazon EC2 instance. A Cloud Practitioner has been asked to increase the availability of the database so there is automatic recovery in the case of a failure. Which tasks can the Cloud Practitioner take to meet this requirement?
*  A. Set the DeleteOnTermination value to false for the EBS root volume.
*  B. Configure EC2 Auto Recovery to move the instance to another Region.
*  C. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS and enable the Multi-AZ feature.
*  D. Configure an Elastic Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instance.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Moving the database to Amazon RDS means that the database can take advantage of the
built-in Multi-AZ feature. This feature creates a standby instance in another Availability Zone
and synchronously replicates to it. In the event of a failure that affects the primary database an
automatic failover can occur and the database will become functional on the standby instance.
CORRECT: "Migrate the database to Amazon RDS and enable the Multi-AZ feature" is the correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "Configure an Elastic Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instance" is incorrect. You
cannot use an ELB to distribute traffic to a database and with a single instance there's no
benefit here at all.
INCORRECT: "Configure EC2 Auto Recovery to move the instance to another Region" is incorrect.
The auto recovery feature of EC2 automatically moves the instance to another host, not to
another Region.
INCORRECT: "Set the DeleteOnTermination value to false for the EBS root volume" is incorrect.
This will simply preserve the root volume; it will not perform automatic recovery



**Question 30**

30.  What advantages does a database administrator obtain by using the Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)?
*  A. RDS provides 99.99999999999% reliability and durability.
*  B. RDS simplifies relational database administration tasks.
*  C. RDS enables users to dynamically adjust CPU and RAM resources.
*  D. RDS databases automatically scale based on load.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon RDS is a managed relational database service on which you can run several types
of database software. The service is managed so this reduces the database
administration tasks as administrator would normally undertake. The managed service
includes hardware provisioning, database setup, patching and backups.
CORRECT: "RDS simplifies relational database administration tasks" is the correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "RDS databases automatically scale based on load" is incorrect. This is not
true, storage auto scaling is possible but for compute it scales by changing instance type
(manual).
INCORRECT: "RDS provides 99.99999999999% reliability and durability" is incorrect. This is
not true of Amazon RDS.
INCORRECT: "RDS enables users to dynamically adjust CPU and RAM resources" is
incorrect. You cannot adjust CPU and RAM dynamically, you must change the instance
type and reboot the database instance.



**Question 31**

31.  Which of the following will help a user determine if they need to request an Amazon EC2 service limit increase?
*  A. AWS Service Health Dashboard
*  B. AWS Cost Explorer
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. AWS Personal Health Dashboard

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you real time guidance to help you
provision your resources following AWS best practices. Trusted Advisor checks help optimize
your AWS infrastructure, improve security and performance, reduce your overall costs, and
monitor service limits.
CORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Personal Health Dashboard" is incorrech.The personal health dashboard
shows issues or upcoming events that may impact your resources. It does not notify of service
limit breaches.
INCORRECT: "AWS Service Health Dashboard" is incorrect. This dashboard simply shows the
current service health and any issues across Regions.
INCORRECT: "AWS Cost Explorer" is incorrect. Cost Explorer is used for viewing costs and will not
assist with service limits.



**Question 32**

32.  A company uses Amazon EC2 instances to run applications that are dedicated to different departments. The company needs to break out the costs of these applications and allocate them to the relevant department. The FC2 instances run in a single VPC. How can the company achieve these requirements?
*  A. Enable billing access for IAM users and view the costs in Cost Explorer.
*  B. Add additional Amazon VPCs and launch each application in a separate VPC.
*  C. Enable billing alerts through Amazon CloudWatch and Amazon SNS.
*  D. Create tags by department on the instances and then run a cost allocation report.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The company should create cost allocation tags that specify the department and assign
them to resources. These tags must be activated so they are visible in the cost allocation
report. Once this is done and a monthly cost allocation report has been configured it will
be easy to monitor the costs for each department.
CORRECT: "Create tags by department on the instances and then run a cost allocation
report" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Enable billing access for IAM users and view the costs in Cost Explorer" is
incorrect. Cost explorer will not show a breakdown Of the costs by department.
INCORRECT: "Enable billing alerts through Amazon CloudWatch and Amazon SNS" is
incorrect. A billing alert simply lets you know you have reached a cost threshold.
INCORRECT: "Add additional Amazon VPCs and launch each application in a separate
VPC" is incorrect. This will not help as billing is not broken out by VPC so they will not be
able to determine the costs per department using this method.



**Question 33**

33.  Which AWS feature can be used to launch a pre-configured Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance?
*  A. Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
*  B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)
*  C. Amazon EC2 Systems Manager
*  D. Amazon AppStream 2.0

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Amazon Machine Image (AMI).provides the information required to launch an
instance. You must specify an AMI when you launch an instance. You can launch multiple
instances from a single AMI when you need multiple instances with the same
configuration. You can use different AMIs to launch instances when you need instances
with different configurations.
CORRECT: "Amazon Machine Image (AMI)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)" is incorrect. EBS is block-based storage for
EC2.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2 Systems Manager" is incorrect . AWS Systems Manager gives
you visibility and control of your infrastructure on AWS.
INCORRECT: "Amazon AppStream 2.0" is incorrect. Amazon AppStream 2.0 is a fully
managed non-persistent application and desktop streaming service.



**Question 34**

34.  What is one method of protecting against distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks in the AWS Cloud?
*  A. Monitor the Service Health Dashboard.
*  B. Enable AWS CloudTrail logging.
*  C. Configure a firewall in front of resources.
*  D. Use Amazon CloudWatch monitoring.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Some forms of DDoS mitigation are included automatically with AWS services. You can
further improve your DDoS resilience by using an AWS architecture with specific services
and by implementing additional best practices. Using a firewall with AWS resources is
recommended to reduce the attack surface of your services which can mitigate some
DDoS attacks.
CORRECT: "Configure a firewall in front of resources" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Use Amazon CloudWatch monitoring" is incorrect. Performance monitoring
will not protect against DDOS.
INCORRECT: "Enable AWS CloudTrail logging" is incorrect. Logging API calls will not
protect against DDoS.
INCORRECT: "Monitor the Service Health Dashboard" is incorrect. The service health
dashboard is not personalized to your resources so is not useful for monitoring and will
not protect against DDoS.



**Question 35**

35.  Which AWS services can a company use to gather information about activity in their AWS account? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Amazon CloudWatch
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. AWS CloudTrail
*  E. Amazon Connect

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudWatch is a performance monitoring service. AWS services send metrics about their
utilization CloudWatch which collects the metrics. Additionally,tCloudWatch collects metrics about
account activity such as billing information which can also be viewed.
AWS CloudTrail is an auditing service that monitors API activity in your account. Whenever you
perform any operation in the account this results in an API action and this information is recorded to
create an audit trail.
CORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is incorrect. CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN).
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. This service is used to assist with guidance on
provisioning resources according to best practice.

INCORRECT: "Amazon Connect" is incorrect. This is a contact center service.



**Question 36**

36.  A user needs to identify underutilized Amazon EC2 instances to reduce costs. Which AWS service or feature will meet this requirement?
*  A. AWS Cost Explorer
*  B. AWS CodeBuild
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. AWS Personal Health Dashboard

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Trusted Advisor offers a rich set of best practice checks and recommendations across five
categories: cost optimization, security, fault tolerance, performance, and service limits.
The Trusted Advisor "low utilization Amazon EC2 instances" check, checks the Amazon Elastic
Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances that were running at any time during the last 14 days
and alerts you if the daily CPU utilization was 10% or less and network I/O was 5 MB or less on 4
or more days.
CORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodeBuild" is incorrect. CodeBuild is used for compiling and testing code
ahead of deployment.
INCORRECT: "AWS Cost Explorer" is incorrect. Cost Explorer can be used to view itemized costs
but you cannot check resource utilization.

INCORRECT: "AWS Personal Health Dashboard" is incorrect. This dashboard will not warn you
about under utilization of resources.



**Question 37**

37.  Which benefits can a company gain by deploying a relational database on Amazon RDS instead of Amazon EC2? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Root access to OS
*  B. Indexing of tables
*  C. Software patching
*  D. Schema management
*  E. Automated backups

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
Two of the benefits of using a managed Amazon RDS service instead of a self-managed
database on EC2 are that you get automated backups and automatic software patching.
CORRECT: "Automated backups" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Software patching" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Schema management" is incorrect. This is not a feature of the managed
service.
INCORRECT: "Indexing of tables" is incorrect. This is not a feature of the managed service.
INCORRECT: "Root access to OS" is incorrect. You do not get root access to an RDS
instance's operating system.



**Question 38**

38.  Which of the following deployments involves the reliability pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?
*  A. Amazon EBS provisioned IOPS volume
*  B. Attach a WebACL to a CloudFront distribution
*  C. Use CloudFormation to deploy infrastructure
*  D. Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
An Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) deployment across multiple
availability zones is a good example of using the reliability pillar of the AWS
Well-Architected Framework. The specific design principle being followed here is
"Automatically recover from failure".
CORRECT: "Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EBS provisioned IOPS volume" is incorrect. This would be an
example of performance efficiency.
INCORRECT: "Attach a WebACL to a CloudFront distribution" is incorrect. This would
be an example of using the security pillar.
INCORRECT: "Use CloudFormation to deploy infrastructure" is incorrect,this would be an example of using the operational excellence pillar.



**Question 39**

39.  Which of the following represents a value proposition for using the AWS Cloud?
*  A. AWS provides full access to their data centers.
*  B. AWS is responsible for securing your applications.
*  C. It is not necessary to enter into long term contracts.
*  D. Customers can request specialized hardware.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
With AWS you can pay for what you use and there is no requirement to enter into long
term contracts. However, there are opportunities to gain large discounts by committing
to 1 or 3 years contracts for reserved instances and savings plans.
CORRECT: "It is not necessary to enter into long term contracts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS is responsible for securing your applications" is incorrect. AWS does
not secure your applications.
INCORRECT: "Customers can request specialized hardware" is incorrect. This is not true;
you have no say in what hardware AWS utilizes.
INCORRECT: "AWS provides full access to their data centers" is incorrect. This is never the
case; you cannot access the AWS data centers.



**Question 40**

40.  What are AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) access keys used for?
*  A. Enabling encryption in transit for web servers.
*  B. Making programmatic calls to AWS from AWS APIs.
*  C. Logging in to the AWS Management Console.
*  D. Ensuring the integrity of log files.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. You can use
access keys to sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI or AWS API (directly or using the AWS
SDK).
Access keys consist of two parts: an access key ID (for example; AKIAlOSFODNN7EXAMPLE) and a
secret access key (for example; wJalrXUtnFEMl/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY).
Like a user name and password, you must use both the access key ID and secret access key
together to authenticate your requests. Manage your access keys as securely as you do your user
name and password.
CORRECT: "Making programmatic calls to AWS from AWS APIs" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Logging in to the AWS Management Console" is incorrect. You use a user name and
password for the management console.
INCORRECT: "Ensuring the integrity of log files" is incorrect. This is not what access keys are used
for.

INCORRECT: "Enabling encryption in transit for web servers" is incorrect. SSL/TLS certificates are
used for creating encrypted channels using HTTPS.



**Question 41**

41.  A large company is interested in avoiding long-term contracts and moving from fixed costs to variable costs. What is the value proposition of AWS for this company?
*  A. Pay-as-you-go pricing
*  B. Automated cost optimization
*  C. Volume pricing discounts
*  D. Economies of scale

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Pay-as-you-go pricing helps companies move away from fixed costs to variable costs in a model
in which they only pay for what they actually use. There are no fixed term contracts with AWS
so that requirement is also met.
CORRECT: "Pay-as-you-go pricing" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Economies of scale" is incorrect. You do get good pricing because of the economies
of scale leveraged by AWS. However, the value proposition for companies wishing to avoid fixed
costs is pay-as-you-go pricing. This flexibility can be more important in some cases than the
actual cost per unit.
INCORRECT: "Volume pricing discounts" is incorrect. This is not the value proposition for this
company as they are seeking to avoid long-term contracts and fixed costs, not to achieve a
discount.
INCORRECT: "Automated cost optimization" is incorrect. This is a not a feature that relates to
the value proposition for this customer.



**Question 42**

42.  For what purpose would a Cloud Practitioner access AWS Artifact?
*  A. Gain access to AWS security and compliance documents.
*  B. Download configuration details for all AWS resources.
*  C. Access training materials for AWS services.
*  D. Create a security assessment report for AWS services.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that matters to
you. It provides on-demand access to AWS' security and compliance reports and select online
agreements.
Reports available in AWS Artifact Include our Service Organization Control (SOC) reports,
Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation bodies across
geographies and compliance verticals that validate the implementation and operating
effectiveness of AWS security controls.
CORRECT: "Gain access to AWS security and compliance documents" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Download configuration details for all AWS resources" is incorrect. Artifact does
not provide this capability.
INCORRECT: "Access training materials for AWS services" is incorrect. Artifact does not provide
training materials.
Window'.
INCORRECT: "Create a security assessment report for AWS services" is incorrect. Artifact cannot
be used for this purpose.



**Question 43**

43.  A Cloud Practitioner is developing a new application and wishes to integrate features of AWS services directly into the application. Which of the following is the BEST tool for this purpose?
*  A. AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)
*  B. AWS CodeDeploy
*  C. AWS CodePipeline
*  D. AWS Software Development Kit

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A software development kit (SDK) isa collection of software development tools in one
installable package. AWS provide SDKs for various programming languages and these
can be used for integrating the features of AWS services directly into an application.
CORRECT: "AWS Software Development Kit" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)" is incorrect. The AWS CLI is used for
running commands but is not the best tool for integrating features of AWS services
directly into an application.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodeDeploy" is incorrect. CodeDeploy is used for deploying code
from a code repository and actually installing the application.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodePipeline" is incorrect. CodePipeline is used for automating the
code release lifecycle.



**Question 44**

44.  A company is planning to deploy an application with a relational database on AWS. The application layer requires access to the database instance's operating system in order to run scripts. The company prefers to keep management overhead to a minimum. Which deployment should be used for the database?
*  A. Amazon EC2
*  B. Amazon S3
*  C. Amazon RDS
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The company would like to keep management overhead to a minimum so RDS would be
good to meet that requirement. However, with RDS you,cannot access the operating
system so the requirement for running scripts on the OS rules RDS out. Therefore, the
next best solution is to deploy on an Amazon EC2 instances as the other options
presented are unsuitable for a relational database.
CORRECT: "Amazon EC2" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon RDS" is incorrect as the application would not be able to access the
OS of the RDS instance to run scripts.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. This is a non-relational database.
INCORRECT: "Amazon S3" is incorrect. This is an object-storage system and is not suitable
for running a relational database.



**Question 45**

45.  A Cloud Practitioner needs to monitor a new Amazon EC2 instances CPU and network utilization. Which AWS service should be used?
*  A. Amazon CloudWatch
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. AWS CloudTrail
*  D. Amazon Inspector

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudWatch is a performance monitoring service. AWS services send metrics
about their utilization to CloudWatch which collects the metrics. You can then view the
results in CloudWatch and configure alarms.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is incorrect. CloudTr il is used for auditing, not
performance monitoring.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Inspector is an automated security service.
INCORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is incorrect. Systems Manager is used for managing
EC2 instances such as installing patches and software.



**Question 46**

46.  Which AWS service can a company use to discover and protect sensitive data that is stored in Amazon S3 buckets.
*  A. Amazon GuardDuty
*  B. AWS Policy Generator
*  C. Amazon Detective
*  D. Amazon Macie

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon Macie is a fully managed data security and data privacy service that uses machine learning and pattern
matching to discover and protect your sensitive data in AWS. Amazon Macie automates the discovery of
sensitive data at scale and lowers the cost of protecting your data.
Macie automatically provides an inventory of Amazon S3 buckets including a list of unencrypted buckets,
publicly accessible buckets, and buckets shared with AWS accounts outside those you have defined in AWS
Organizations.
Then, Macie applies machine learning and pattern matching techniques to the buckets you select to identify
and alert you to sensitive data, such as personally identifiable information (PID.
CORRECT: "Amazon Macie" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon GuardDuty" is incorrect. Amazon GuardDuty is a threat detection service that
continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior to protect your AWS accounts,
workloads, and data stored in Amazon S3.
INCORRECT: "AWS Policy Generator" is incorrect. The AWS Policy Generator is a tool that enables you to create
policies that control access to Amazon Web Services (AWS) products and resources.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Detective" is incorrect. Amazon Detective automatically processes terabytes of event
data records about IP traffic, AWS management operations, and malicious or unauthorized activity.



**Question 47**

47.  A company is deploying a MySQL database on AWS. The database must easily scale and have automatic backup enabled. Which AWS service should the company?
*  A. Amazon Aurora
*  B. Amazon Athena
*  C. Amazon DocumentDB
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Aurora is a relational database that is compatible with MySQL and PostgreSQL
database engines. Aurora is extremely fast and scales up to 128 TB. You can also deploy
replicas for read scaling within and across Regions. Aurora also offers automated
backups.
CORRECT: "Amazon Aurora" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. DynamoDB is a NoSQL (non-relational)
database and you cannot deploy a MySQL database as it is a relational database type.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Athena" is incorrect. Athena is used for querying data in Amazon
S3 using SQL.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DocumentDB" is incorrect. DocumentDB is a NoSQL database that
supports document data structures.



**Question 48**

48.  A company is launching a new website which is expected to have highly variable levels of traffic. The website will run on Amazon EC2 and must be highly available. What is the MOST cost-effective approach?
*  A. Determine the highest expected traffic and use an appropriate instance type.
*  B. Create an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group and configure an Elastic Load Balancer.
*  C. Use the AWS CLI to launch and terminate Amazon EC2 instances to match demand.
*  D. Launch the website using an Amazon EC2 instance running on a dedicated host.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The most cost-effective approach for ensuring the website is highly available on Amazon EC2
instances is to use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group. This Will ensure that the appropriate
number of instances is always available to service the demand. An Elastic Load Balancer can be
placed in front of the instances to distribute incoming connections.
CORRECT: "Create an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group and configure an Elastic Load Balancer" is
the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Use the AWS CLI to launch and terminate Amazon EC2 instances to match
demand" is incorrect. This is a manual approach and would not be recommended.
INCORRECT: "Determine the highest expected traffic and use an appropriate instance type" is
incorrect. This approach will result in the company overpaying when the demand is low.
INCORRECT: "Launch the website using an Amazon EC2 instance running on a dedicated host" is
incorrect. This is an expensive solution as dedicated hosts are very costly and should only be
used when physical isolation of resources or host visibility is required.



**Question 49**

49.  Which of the following are valid benefits of using the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Total control over data center infrastructure.
*  B. Ability to go global quickly.
*  C. Outsource all application development to AWS.
*  D. Outsource all operational risk.
*  E. Fast provisioning of IT resources.

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
The ability to provision IT resources quickly and easily and also globally are valid benefits
of using the LAWS cloud. These are covered in AWS' 6 advantages of cloud which include
"Increase speed and agility" and "Go global in minutes".
CORRECT: "Fast provisioning of IT resources" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Ability to go global quickly" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Outsource all operational risk" is incorrect. You do not outsource all
operational risk; you still have to manage risk for the applications you run on AWS.
INCORRECT: "Total control over data center infrastructure" is incorrect. You don't have
any control over data center infrastructure in the AWS Cloud.
INCORRECT: "Outsource all application development to AWS" is incorrect. You must still
develop your own applications on the AWS Cloud.



**Question 50**

50.  A Cloud Practitioner needs a tool that can assist with viewing and managing AWS costs and usage over time. Which tool should the Cloud Practitioner use?
*  A. AWS Organizations
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. AWS Cost Explorer
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you visualize, understand, and
manage your AWS costs and usage over time. AWS Cost Explorer provides you with a set
of default reports that you can us? as the starting place for your analysis. From there,
use the filtering and grouping capabilities to dive deeper into your cost and usage data
and generate custom insights.
CORRECT: "AWS Cost Explorer" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Budgets" is incorrect. AWS Budgets allows you to set custom budgets
to track your cost and usage from the simplest to the most complex use cases.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Amazon Inspector is an automated security
assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications
deployed on AWS
Activate Window«
INCORRECT: "AWS Organizations" is incorrect. AWS Organizations allows you to organize
accounts, create accounts programmatically, and leverage consolidated billing.


**Question 51**

51.  Which tasks require the use of the AWS account root user?(Select TWO.)
*  A. Viewing AWS CloudTrail logs.
*  B. Changing the account name.
*  C. Changing AWS Support plans.
*  D. Changing payment currency.
*  E. Enabling encryption for S3

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Some tasks can only be performed by the root user of an AWS account. This
includes changing the account name and changing AWS support plans. For more
information view the AWS article referenced below.
CORRECT: "Changing the account name" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Changing AWS Support plans" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Enabling encryption for S3" is incorrect. This does not require root.
INCORRECT: "Viewing AWS CloudTrail logs" is incorrect. This does not require root.
INCORRECT: "Changing payment currency" is incorrect. This does not require root.



**Question 52**

52.  A company has multiple AWS accounts and is using AWS Organizations with consolidated billing. Which advantages will they benefit from? (Select TWO.)
*  A. The default service limits in all accounts will be increased.
*  B. They may benefit from lower unit pricing for aggregated usage.
*  C. They will be automatically enrolled in a business support plan.
*  D. They will receive a fixed discount for all usage across accounts.
*  E. They will receive one bill for the accounts in the Organization.

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
You can use the consolidated billing feature in AWS Organizations to consolidate billing and payment
for multiple AWS accounts. With consolidated billing you get:
- One bill for multiple accounts
- Easy tracking or charges across accounts.
  Combined usage across accounts and sharing of volume pricing discounts, reserved instance
  discounts and savings plans.
- No extra fee.
  CORRECT: "They will receive one bill for the accounts in the Organization" is a correct answer.
  CORRECT: "They may benefit from lower unit pricing for aggregated usage" is also a correct answer.
  INCORRECT: "The default service limits in all accounts will be increased" is incorrect. This is not true;
  service limit defaults are unaffected.
  INCORRECT: "They will receive a fixed discount for all usage across accounts" is incorrect. There is no
  fixed usage discount applied for consolidated billing.

INCORRECT: "They will be automatically enrolled in a business support plan" is incorrect. This is not
true; you must always pay for the business support plan.



**Question 53**

53.  Which design principles are enabled by the AWS Cloud to improve the operation of workloads? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Customized hardware
*  B. Loose coupling
*  C. Remove single points of failure
*  D. Minimum viable product
*  E. Minimize platform design

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Loose coupling is when you break systems down into smaller components that are loosely
coupled together. This reduces interdependencies between systems components. This is
achieved in the cloud using messages buses, notification and messaging services.
Removing single points of failure ensures fault tolerance and high availability. This is easily
achieved in the cloud as the architecture and features of the cloud support the implementation
of highly available and fault tolerant systems.
CORRECT: "Loose coupling" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Remove single points of failure" is alSo a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Customized hardware" is incorrect. You cannot customize hardware in the cloud.
INCORRECT: "Minimize platform design" is incorrect. This is not an operational advantage for
workloads in the cloud.
INCORRECT: "Minimum viable product" is incorrect. This is not an operational advantage for
workloads in the cloud.



**Question 54**

54.  A company plans to deploy a relational database on AWS. The IT department will perform database administration. Which service should the company use?
*  A. Amazon DynamoDB
*  B. Amazon EC2
*  C. Amazon RedShift
*  D. Amazon ElastiCache

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
A self-managed relational database can be installed on Amazon EC2. When using this
deployment you can choose the operating system and instance type that suits your
needs and then install and manage any database software you require.
table below helps you to understand when to use different types of database
deployment:
CORRECT: "Amazon ECT' is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon RedShift" is incorrect. RedShiftås managed data warehouse
solution and is better suited to use cases where analytics of data is required.
INCORRECT: "Amazon ElastiCache" is incorrect. ElastiCache is a managed service for
in-memory, high-performance caching of database content.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. DynamoDB is a non-relational (NoSQL)
type of database.



**Question 55**

55.  A company runs a batch job on an Amazon EC2 instance and it takes 6 hours to complete. The workload is expected to double in volume each month with a proportional increase in processing time. What is the most efficient cloud architecture to address the growing workload?
*  A. Run the batch workload in parallel across multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
*  B. Run the application on a bare metal Amazon EC2 instance.
*  C. Change the Amazon EC2 volume type to a Provisioned IOPS SSD volume.
*  D. Run the batch job on a larger Amazon EC2 instance type with more CPU.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The most efficient option is to use multiple EC2 instances and distribute the workload across
them. This is an example of horizontal scaling and will allow the workload to keep growing in
size without any issue and without increasing the overall processing timeframe.
CORRECT: Run the batch workload in parallel across multiple Amazon EC2 instances" is the
correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Run the batch job on a larger Amazon EC2 instance type with more CPU" is
incorrect. This may help initially but over time this will not scale well and the workload will
take many days to complete.
INCORRECT: "Change the Amazon EC2 volume type to a Provisioned IOPS SSD volume" is
incorrect. This will improve the underlying performance of the EBS volume but does not assist
with processing (more CPU is needed, i.e. by spreading across instances).
INCORRECT: "Run the application on a bare metal Amazon EC2 instance" is incorrect. Bare metal
instances are used for workloads that require access to the hardware feature set (such as Intel
VT-x), for applications that need to run in non-virtualized environments for licensing support
requirements, or for customers who wish to use their own hypervisor.



**Question 56**

56.  A user is planning to launch three EC2 instances behind a single Elastic Load Balancer. The deployment should be highly available.
*  A. Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region and the same   Availability Zone.
*  B. Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region, but in   different Availability Zones.
*  C. Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions, and use Elastic IP addresses.
*  D. Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
To make the deployment highly available the user should launch the instances across multiple
Availability Zones in a single AWS Region. Elastic Load Balancers can only serve targets in a
single Region so it i? not possible to deploy across Regions.
CORRECT: "Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region" is
the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region and the same
Availability Zone" is incorrect. The pricing model is not relevant to high availability and
deploying in a single AZ does not result in a highly available deployment.
INCORRECT: "Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions, and use Elastic IP addresses" is
incorrect. You cannot use an ELB with instances in multiple Regions and using an EIP does not
help.
INCORRECT: "Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region; but in
different Availability Zones" is incorrect. Using reserved instances may not be appropriate as
we do not know whether this is going to be a long-term workload or not.



**Question 57**

57.  A company was many underutilized compute resources on-premises. Which AWS Cloud feature will help resolve this issue?
*  A. Global deployment
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. Fault tolerance
*  D. High availability

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Elasticity can resolve the issue of underutilization as you can easily and automatically
adjust the resource allocations for your compute resources based on actual utilization.
This ensures that you have the right amount of resources and do not pay for more than
you need.
CORRECT: "Elasticity" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "High availability" is incorrect. This dys not help with resolving
under utilization.
INCORRECT: "Fault tolerance" is incorrect. This does not help with resolving
under utilization.
INCORRECT: "Global deployment" is incorrect. This does not help with resolving
under utilization.



**Question 58**

58.  A Cloud Practitioner requires point-in-time recovery (PITR) for an Amazon DynamoDB table. Who is responsible for configuring and performing backups?
*  A. AWS is responsible for configuring and the user is responsible for performing   backups.
*  B. AWS is responsible for both tasks.
*  C. The customer is responsible for both tasks.
*  D. The customer is responsible for configuring and AWS is responsible for performing backups.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Point-in-time recovery (PITR) provides continuous backups of your DynamoDB table data. When
enabled, DynamoDB maintains incremental backups of your table for the last 35 days until you
explicitly turn it off. It is a customer Responsibility to enable PITR on and AWS is responsible for
actually performing the backups.
CORRECT: "The customer is responsible for configuring and AWS is responsible for performing
backups" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS is responsible for configuring and the user is responsible for performing
backups" is incorrect. This is backwards, users are responsible for configuring and AWS is
responsible for performing backups.
INCORRECT: "AWS is responsible for both tasks" is incorrect. This is not true as users must
configure PITR.
INCORRECT: "The customer is responsible for both tasks" is incorrect. This is not true, AWS
perform the backups.



**Question 59**

59.  AWS are able to continually reduce their pricing due to:
*  A. Compute savings plans.
*  B. Elastic compute services.
*  C. Economies of scale.
*  D. Pay-as-you go pricing.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
By using cloud computing, you can achieve a lower variable cost than you can get on
your own. Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers is aggregated in
the cloud, providers such as AWS can achieve higher economies of scale, which
translates into lower pay as-you-go prices.
CORRECT: "economies of scale" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "pay-as-you go pricing" is incorrect. This is a benefit to the customer but
is not the reason the actual unit prices are continually being reduce.
INCORRECT: "elastic compute services" is incorrect. Elasticity is useful for scaling your
resources and aligning costs with demand but is not why AWS prices are being
lowered.
INCORRECT: "compute savings plans" is incorrect. This is another feature you can take
advantage of for bigger discounts but is not the reason for prices being lowered.



**Question 60**

60.  When running applications in the AWS Cloud, which common tasks can AWS manage on behalf of their customers? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Patching database software
*  B. Taking a backup of a database
*  C. Application security testing
*  D. Application source code auditing
*  E. Creating a database schema

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
With AWS managed services you can reduce your time spent performing common IT tasks.
With services such as Amazon RD*AWS will patch the database host operating system and
database software and perform patch management activities.
CORRECT: "Patching database software" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Taking a backup of a database" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Application source code auditing" is incorrect AWS does not audit your source
code. You can use Amazon CodeGuru for recommendations for improvement though.
INCORRECT: "Creating a database schema" is incorrect. AWS does not create your schema;
this is something that's in the customer's control.
INCORRECT: "Application security testing" is incorrect. AWS does not perform any security
testing of your applications.



**Question 61**

61.  A website has a global customer base and users have reported poor performance when connecting to the site. Which AWS service will improve the customer experience by reducing latency?
*  A. Amazon ElastiCache
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
*  D. AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network (CDN) service that securely
delivers data, videos, application?, and APIs to customers globally with low latency,
high transfer speeds, all within a developer-friendly environment.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect. Direct Connect is a private network
connection between an on-premises center and AWS.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling" is incorrect. Auto Scaling launches and
terminates instances, this does not reduce latency for global users.
INCORRECT: "Amazon ElastiCache" is incorrect. ElastiCache is a database caching
service, it is not used to cache websites.



**Question 62**

62.  How does the AWS cloud increase the speed and agility of execution for customers? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Scalable compute capacity
*  B. Lower cost of deployment
*  C. Private connections to data centers
*  D. Secured data centers
*  E. Fast provisioning of resources

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
The ability to quickly provision resources on AWS is a good example of speed and agility. On
AWS the resources are readily available and can be deployed extremely quickly. Scalable
compute capacity is another example as it gives you the agility to easily reconfigure your
resources with more or less capacity as is required.
CORRECT: "Fast provisioning of resources" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Scalable compute capacity" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Private connections to data centers" is incorrect. A private connection to a data
center is not an example of speed and agility.
INCORRECT: "Secured data centers" is incorrect. Secured data centers are not an example of
speed and agility.
INCORRECT: "Lower cost of deployment" is incorrect. This is not an example of speed and
agility.



**Question 63**

63.  An individual IAM user must be granted access to an Amazon S3 bucket using a bucket policy. Which element in the S3 bucket policy should bé updated to define the user account for which access will be granted?
*  A. Resource
*  B. Principal
*  C. Condition
*  D. Action

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The Principal element specifies the user, account, service, or other entity that is allowed
or denied access to a resource. The bucket policy below has a Principal element set to *
which is a wildcard meaning any user. To grant access to a specific IAM user the following
format can be used:
CORRECT: "Principal" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Action" is incorrect. Actions are the permiSsions that you can specify in a
policy.
INCORRECT: "Resource" is incorrect. Resources are the ARNs of resources you wish to
specify permissions for.
INCORRECT: "Condition" is incorrect. Conditions define certain conditions to apply when
granting permissions such as the source IP address of the caller.



**Question 64**

64.  A company is designing a new a service that must align with the operational excellence pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework. Which design principles should the company follow? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Anticipate failure.
*  B. Perform operations as code.
*  C. Create static operational procedures.
*  D. Perform manual operations.
*  E. Make large-scale changes.

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
AWS Well-Architected helps cloud architects build secure, high-performing, resilient, and efficient
infrastructure for their applications and-workloads. There are 5 pillars and under the operational
excellence pillar the following best practices are recommended:
• Perform operations as code
• Make frequent, small, reversible changes
• Refine operations procedures frequently
• Anticipate failure
• Learn from all operational failures
CORRECT: "Anticipate failure" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Perform operations as code" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Make large-scale changes" is incorrect. This is not an operational best practice.
INCORRECT: "Perform manual operations" is incorrect. This is not an operational best practice.
INCORRECT: "Create static operational procedures" is incorrect. This is not an operational best practice.



**Question 65**

65.  What is the best practice for managing AWS IAM access keys?
*  A. Never use access keys, always use IAM roles.
*  B. Customers should rotate access keys regularly.
*  C. There is no need to manage access keys.
*  D. AWS rotate access keys on a schedule.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
It is a security best practice to rotate access keys regularly. This practice ensures
that if access keys are compromised the security exposure is mitigated.
CORRECT: "Customers should rotate access keys regularly" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "There is no need to manage access keys" is incorrect. This is not true;
you must rotate access keys.
INCORRECT: "AWS rotate access keys on a schedule" is incorrect. AWS do not rotate
your access keys.
INCORRECT: "Never use access keys, always use IAM roles" is incorrect. It is often
better and more secure to use IAM roles for some uses but it is certainly not the
case that you should never use access keys.



**Question 66**

66.  Which of the following best describes an Availability Zone in the AWS Cloud?
*  A. One or more physical data centers
*  B. A subnet for deploying resources into
*  C. A completely isolated geographic location
*  D. One or more edge locations based around the world

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Availability Zone (AZ) is one or more discrete data centers with redundant power,
networking, and connectivity in an AWS Region. AZ's give Customers the ability to operate
production applications and databases that are more highly available, fault tolerant, and
scalable than would be possible from a single data center.
The diagram below shows how AZs relate to AWS Regions:
CORRECT: "One or more physical data centers" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "A completely isolated geographic location" is incorrect. This is a description
of an AWS Region.
INCORRECT: "One or more edge locations based around the world" is incorrect. Edge
locations are used by Amazon CloudFront for caching content.
INCORRECT: "A subnet for deploying resources into" is incorrect. Subnets are created
within AZs.



**Question 67**

67.  What can a Cloud Practitioner use the AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator for?
*  A. Estimate savings when comparing the AWS Cloud to an on-premises   environment
*  B. Generate reports that break down AWS Cloud compute costs by duration,   resource, or tags
*  C. Enable billing alerts to monitor actual AWS costs compared to estimated costs
*  D. Estimate a monthly bill for the AWS Cloud resources that will be used

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The TCO calculator allow you to estimate the cost savings when using AWS, compared to
on-premises, and provide a detailed set of reports that can be used in executive
presentations. The calculators also give you the option to modify assumptions that best
meet your business needs.
CORRECT: "Estimate savings when comparing the AWS Cloud to an on-premises
environment" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Generate reports that break down AWS Cloud compute costs by duration,
resource, or tags" is incorrect. This describes the AWS Cost & Usage Report.
INCORRECT: "Estimate a monthly bill for the AWS Cloud resources that will be used" is
incorrect. This describes the AWS Pricing Calculator (or Simple Monthly Calculator).
INCORRECT: "Enable billing alerts to monitor actual AWS costs compared to estimated
costs" is incorrect. Billing alerts can be enabled using Amazon CloudWatch.



**Question 68**

68.  A company plan to move the application development to AWS. Which benefits can they achieve when developing and running applications in the AWS Cloud compared to on-premises? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS will fully manage the entire application.
*  B. AWS automatically replicates all data globally.
*  C. AWS takes care of application security patching.
*  D. AWS can accommodate large changes in application demand.
*  E. AWS makes it easy to implement high availability.

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
AWS provides many options for high availability including multiple availability zones within
Regions and multiple Regions around the world. There are also.many options to leverage durable
data storage, message buses. databases.
AWS has a huge global infrastructure with massive amounts of capacity. It is therefore very easy
to accommodate large changes in application demand and this can often be seamless to your
application.
CORRECT: "AWS makes it easy to implement high availability" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS can accommodate large changes in application demand" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS automatically replicates all data globally" is incorrect. This is not true: data is
not replicated globally unless you configure it do so.
INCORRECT: "AWS will fully manage the entire application" is incorrect. This is not true; AWS will
not manage your application.
Activate
INCORRECT: "AWS takes care of application security patching' is incorrect. AWS take care of
security patches for the underlying infrastructure but not your application.



**Question 69**

69.  Which AWS service is used to send both text and email messages from distributed applications?
*  A. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
*  B. Amazon Simple Workflow Service (Amazon SWF)
*  C. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)
*  D. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Simple Notification-service (SNS) is a highly available, durable, secure, fully managed pub/sub
messaging service that enables you to decouple microservices, distributed systems, and serverless
applications.
Amazon SNS provides topics for high-throughput, push-based, many-to-many messaging. Using Amazon
SNS topics, your publisher systems can fan out messages to a large number of subscriber endpoints for
parallel processing, including Amazon SQS queues, AWS Lambda functions, and HTTP/S webhooks.
Additionally. SNS can be used to fan out notifications to end users using mobile push. SMS, and email.
CORRECT: "Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)" is incorrect: This service is used for sending email
but not SMS text messages.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Workflow Service (Amazon SWF)" is incorrect. Amazon SWF helps developers
build, run, and scale background jobs that have parallel or sequential steps. You can think of Amazon SWF
as a fully-managed state tracker and task coordinator in the Cloud.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)" is incorrect. Amazon Simple Queue Service
(SQS) is a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale microservices,
distributed systems, and serverless applications.



**Question 70**

70.  Which AWS support plans provide support via email, chat and phone? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Global
*  B. Business
*  C. Basic
*  D. Enterprise
*  E. Developer

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
Only the business and enterprise plans provide support via email, chat
and phone.
CORRECT: "Business" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Enterprise" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Basic" is incorrect does not proviåe support via email, chat
and phone.
INCORRECT: "Developer" is incorrect only provides email support.
INCORRECT: "Global" is incorrect is not a support plan offered by AWS.



**Question 71**

71.  Which of the statements below is correct in relation to Consolidated Billing? (Select TWO.)
*  A. You can combine usage and share volume pricing discounts
*  B. You pay a fee per linked account
*  C. You are charged a fee per user
*  D. You receive one bill per AWS account
*  E. You receive a single bill for multiple accounts

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
Consolidated billing has the following benefits:
One bill - You get one bill for multiple accounts.
Easy tracking - You can track the charges across multiple accounts and download the combined
cost and usage data.
Combined usage - You can combine the usage across all accounts in the organization to share the
volume pricing discounts and Reserved Instance discounts. This can result in a lower charge for
your project, department, or company than with individual standalone accounts.
CORRECT: "You receive a single bill for multiple accounts" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "You can combine usage and share volume pricing discounts" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "You receive one bill per AWS account" is incorrect as you receive a single bill for
multiple accounts.
INCORRECT: "You pay a fee per linked account" is incorrect as you do not pay fee,
INCORRECT: "You are charged a fee per user" is incorrect as you do not pay a fee.



**Question 72**

72.  Which of the following a valid best practices for using the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) service? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users.
*  B. Grant maximum privileges to IAM users.
*  C. Embed access keys in application code.
*  D. Create individual IAM users.
*  E. Use inline policies instead of customer managed policies.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
This is the list of valid IAM best practices:
• Lock away your AWS account root user access keys
• Create individual IAM users
• Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users
• Grant least privilege
• Get started uS1ng permissions with AWS managed policies
• Use customer managed policies instead of inline policies
• Use access levels to review IAM permissions
• Configure a strong password policy for your users
• Enable MFA
• Use roles for applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances
• use roles to delegate permissions
• Do not share access keys
• Rotate credentials regularly
• Remove unnecessary credentials
• Use policy conditions for extra security
• Monitor activity in your AWS account
• Video presentation about IAM best practices
CORRECT: "Create individual IAM users" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Embed access keys in application code" is incorrect. This is not a best practice; you should always try and avoid
embedding any secret credentials and access keys in application code. Instead, it is preferable to use IAM roles to delegate permission
to applications.
INCORRECT: "Use inline policies instead of customer managed policies" is incorrect. This is not a best practice. You should use
customer managed policies instead of inline policies.
INCORRECT: "Grant maximum privileges to IAM users" is incorrect. You should instead follow the principle of least privilege and grant
the minimum permissions a user needs to perform their job role.



**Question 73**

73.  Which AWS service can be used to perform data extract, transform, and load (ETL) operations so you can prepare data for analytics?
*  A. AWS Glue
*  B. Amazon QuickSight
*  C. Amazon Athena
*  D. Amazon S3 Select

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Glue is a serverless data integration service that makes it easy to discover, prepare, and combine data
for analytics, machine learning, and application development. AWS Glue provides all of the capabilities
needed for data integration so that you can start analyzing your data and putting it to use in minutes instead
of months.
AWS Glue provides both visual and code-based interfaces to make data integration easier. Users can easily
find and access data using the AWS Glue Data Catalog. Data engineers and ETL (extract, transform, and load)
developers can visually create, run, and monitor ETL workflows with a few clicks in AWS Glue Studio.
See how AWS Glue works with ETL workloads:
CORRECT: "AWS Glue" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon QuickSight" is incorrect. Amazon QuickSight is a cloud-native, serverless, business
intelligence service.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Athena" is incorrect. Amazon Athena is a serverless, interactive query service to query
data and analyze big data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL

INCORRECT: "Amazon S3 Select" is incorrect. This service enables applications to retrieve only a subset of
data from an object by using simple SQL expressions.



**Question 74**

74.  Which AWS service protects against common exploits that could compromise application availability, compromise security or consume excessive resources?
*  A. Security Group
*  B. AWS Shield
*  C. Network ACL
*  D. AWS WAF

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS WAF is a web application firewall that protects against common exploits that
could compromise application availability, compromise security or consume
excessive resources.
CORRECT: "AWS WAF" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Shield" is incorrect. AWS Shield is a managed Distributed Denial
of Service (DDoS) protection service.
INCORRECT: "Security Group" is incorrect. Security groups are firewalls applied at
the instance level.
INCORRECT: "Network ACL" is incorrect. Network ACLs are firewalls applied at the
subnet level.



**Question 75**

75.  Which AWS service can be used to load data from Amazon S3, transform it, and move it to another destination?
*  A. Amazon Kinesis
*  B. Amazon EMR
*  C. Amazon RedShift
*  D. AWS Glue

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Glue is an Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) service. You can use AWS Glue with
data sources on Amazon S3, RedShiftand other databases. With AWS Glue you transform
and move the data to various destinations. It is used to prepare and load data for
analytics.
CORRECT: "AWS Glue" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon RedShift" is incorrect. Amazon RedShift is a data warehouse. With a
data warehouse you load data from other databases such as transactional SQL databases
and run analysis. You can analyze data using SQL and Business Intelligence tools.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EMR" is incorrect. Amazon EMR is a managed Hadoop framework
running on EC2 and S3. It is used for analyzing data, not for ETL.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Kinesis" is incorrect. Amazon Kinesis is used for collecting,
processing and analyzing real-time streaming data.



**Question 76**

76.  Which of the following should be used to improve the security of access to the AWS Management Console? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Certificate Manager
*  B. AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (AWS MFA)
*  C. Security group rules
*  D. AWS Secrets Manager
*  E. Strong password policies

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
For extra security, AWS recommends that you require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all users in your account.
With MFA, users have a device that generates a response to an authentication challenge.
Both, the user's credentials (something you know) and the device-generated response (something you have) are
required to complete the sign-in process. If a user's password or access keys are compromised, your account
resources are still secure because of the additional authentication requirement.
Additionally, strong password policies should be used to enforce measures including minimum password length,
complexity, and password reuse restrictions.
CORRECT: "AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (AWS MFÅ)" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Strong password policies" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Secrets Manager" is incorrect. This service enables you to easily rotate, manage, and retrieve
database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle.
INCORRECT: "AWS Certificate Manager" is incorrect. This service is used for creating SSL/TLS certificates for use with
HTTPS connections.
Windows
INCORRECT: "Security group rules" is incorrect as these are used to restrict traffic to/from your EC2 instances.



**Question 77**

77.  What are the names of two types of AWS Storage Gateway?(Select TWO.)
*  A. Block Gateway
*  B. Gateway Virtual Tape Library
*  C. File Gateway
*  D. S3 Gateway
*  E. Cached Gateway

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
The AWS Storage Gateway service enables hybrid storage between on-premises environments and the AWS Cloud. It provides
low-latency performance by caching frequently accessed data on premises, while storing data securely and durably in Amazon
cloud-storage services. AWS Storage Gateway supports three storage interfaces: file, volume, and tape
File gateway provides a virtual on-premises file server, which enables you to store and retrieve files as objects in Amazon S3
The volume gateway represents the family of gateways that support block-based volumes, previously referred to as
gateway-cached and gateway-stored modes
Tape Gateway (formerly known as Gateway Virtual Tape Library) is used for backup with popular backup software.
The diagram below depicts a File Gateway.
All other answers are bogus and use terms that are associated with Storage Gateways (S3, block, cached)
CORRECT: "File Gateway" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Tape Gateway" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "S3 Gateway" is incorrect as explained above.
INCORRECT: "Block Gateway" is incorrect as explained above.
INCORRECT: "Cached Gateway" is incorrect as explained above.



**Question 78**

78.  Which benefits can a company immediately realize using the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO.)
*  A. User control of physical infrastructure
*  B. Increased agility
*  C. Variable expenses are replaced with capital expenses
*  D. No responsibility for security
*  E. Capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
A couple of the benefits that companies will realize immediately when using the AWS Cloud are
increased agility and a change from capital expenditure to variable operational expenditure.
Agility is enabled through the flexibility of cloud services and the ease with which applications can be
deployed, scaled, and managed. When using cloud services you pay for what you use and this is a
variable, operational expense which can be beneficial to company cashflow.
CORRECT: "Capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Increased agility" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Variable expenses are replaced with capital expenses" is incorrect. This is the wrong way
around, capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses.
INCORRECT: "User control of physical infrastructure" is incorrect. This is not true, you do not get
control of the physical infrastructure.

INCORRECT: "No responsibility for security" is incorrect. This is not true, you are still responsible for
"security in the cloud".



**Question 79**

79.  Amazon S3 is typically used for which of the following use cases? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Install an operating system
*  B. Host a static website
*  C. In-memory data cache
*  D. Media hosting
*  E. Message queue

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
Amazon S3 is an object storage system. Typical use cases include: Backup and storage,
application hosting, media hosting, software delivery hosting a static website.
CORRECT: "Host a static website" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Media hosting" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Install an operating system" is incorrect. You cannot install an operating system
on an object-based storage system. Instead, you need a block-based storage system such as
Amazon EBS.
INCORRECT: "In-memory data cache" is incorrect. You cannot use Amazon S3 as an in-memory
data cache; for this you need a service such as Amazon ElastiCache.
INCORRECT: "Message queue" is incorrect. You cannot use Amazon S3 as a message queue (or at
least it is not a typical use case). You should use a services such as Amazon SQS or Amazon MQ.



**Question 80**

80.  A company has a global user base and needs to deploy AWS services that can decrease network latency for their users. Which services may assist? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Application Auto Scaling
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. AWS Global Accelerator
*  D. AWS Direct Connect
*  E. Amazon VPC

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that caches media assets such as files, photos,
and videos in Edge locations around the world. This gets your content closer to the user base which
decreases latency.
AWS Global Accelerator is a service that can direct users to the nearest AWS Region that contains and
endpoint for an application. The service utilizes Edge locations to decrease latency and then forwards
all traffic on the AWS global network which also decreases latency.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS Global Accelerator" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon VPC" is incorrect as this service does not decrease latency for global users.
INCORRECT: "Application Auto Scaling" is incorrect as this is used to scale applications based on
workload, it does not decrease latency.
Windows
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect as this service does decrease latency but not for a global
user base.



**Question 81**

81.  Which of the following can be used to identify a specific user who terminated an Amazon RDS DB instance?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. AWS CloudTrail
*  D. Amazon CloudWatch

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk
auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor, and retain account
activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure.
CloudTrail provides event history of your AWS account activity, including actions taken through the
AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command line tools, and other AWS services.
This event history simplifies security analysis, resource change tracking, and troubleshooting. In addition, you can use CloudTrail to detect unusual activity in your AWS accounts. These capabilities
help simplify operational analysis and troubleshooting.
CORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Inspector is used for running an automated security
assessment service on cloud resources.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. CloudWatch is used for performance monitoring.
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. Trusted Advisor helps you to build your AWS resources
in accordance with best practices.



**Question 82**

82.  A cloud practitioner needs to migrate a 70 TB of data from an on-premises data center into the AWS Cloud. The company has a slow and unreliable internet connection. Which AWS service can the cloud practitioner leverage to transfer the data?
*  A. AWS Storage Gateway
*  B. Amazon S3 Glacier
*  C. AWS DataSync
*  D. AWS Snowball

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Snowball is a method of transferring the data using a physical device. A
Snowball Edge device can hold up to 80 TB so a single device can be used. This
transfer method completely avoids the slow and unreliable internet connection.
CORRECT: "AWS Snowball" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon S3 Glacier" is incorrect. Glacier is used for archiving data in
the cloud.
INCORRECT: "AWS Storage Gateway" is incorrect. Storage Gateway is a service that
offers options for connecting on-premises storage to the cloud.
INCORRECT: "AWS DataSync" is incorrect. DataSync uses the internet to transfer
data You can utilize Snowcone but that only holds up to 8 TB per device.



**Question 83**

83.  Which of the following compliance programs allows the AWS environment to process maintain, and store protected health information?
*  A. ISO 27001
*  B. PCI DSS
*  C. SOC 1
*  D. HIPAA

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS enables covered entities and their business associates subject to the U.S.
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) to use the secure AWS environment to process, maintain, and store protected health
information.
CORRECT: "HIPAA" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "ISO 27001" is incorrect as ISO,'IEC 27001 is an information security
standard.
INCORRECT: "PCI DSS" is incorrect as PCI DSS is related to the security of credit card
payments.
INCORRECT: "SOC I" is incorrect as this relates to financial reporting.



**Question 84**

84.  A company needs consistent and dedicated connection between AWS resources and an on-premise system. Which AWS service can fulfill this requirement?
*  A. AWS DataSync
*  B. AWS Managed VPN
*  C. Amazon Connect
*  D. AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
An AWS Direct Connect connection is a private, dedicated link to AWS. As it does not use the
internet, performance is consistent.
The following diagram shows how a corporate data center is connected to AWS using a
Direct Connect link via an AWS Direct Connect location:
CORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Managed VPN" is incorrect. This services uses the public internet so it is
not a dedicated link and performance will not be consistent.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Connect" is incorrect. Amazon Connect is an easy to use omnichannel
cloud contact center that helps companies provide superior customer service at a lower cost
INCORRECT: "AWS DataSync" is incorrect. AWS DataSync makes it simple and fast to move
large amounts of data online between on-premises storage and Amazon S3, Amazon Elastic
File System (Amazon EFS), or Amazon FSx for Windows File Server.



**Question 85**

85.  Which AWS services offer compute capabilities? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Lambda
*  B. Amazon EFS
*  C. Amazon CloudHSM
*  D. Amazon ECS
*  E. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
The Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) is a compute service that allows you to run
Docker containers as tasks on AWS. AWS Lambda is a function as a service offering that
provides the ability to run compute functions in response to triggers.
CORRECT: "Amazon ECS" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. Dyna ODB is a database service.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EFS" is incorrect. The Elastic File System (EFS) is a file-based storage
system.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudHSM" is incorrect. CloudHSM is a service that is used to
securely store and manage encryption keys.



**Question 86**

86.  Which AWS service does AWS Snowball Edge natively support?
*  A. Amazon EC2
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS)
*  D. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
You can run AmazonEC2 compute instances hosted on a Snowball Edge with the sbe1, sbe-c, and sbe-g instance types. The sbe1 instance type works on devices with the Snowball Edge
Storage Optimized option. The instance type works On devices with the Snowball Edge
Compute Optimized option. Both the sbe-c and sbe-g instance types work on devices with
the Snowball Edge Compute Optimized with GPU option.
CORRECT: "Amazon EC2" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Server Migration Service (Aws SMS)? is incorrect. AWS SMS does not
integrate natively with Snowball Edge.
INCORRECT: "AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)" is incorrect. AWS DMS does not
integrate natively with Snowball Edge.
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. Trusted Advisor does not integrate natively
with Snowball Edge.



**Question 87**

87.  Which AWS dashboard displays relevant and timely information to help users manage events in progress, and provides proactive notifications to help plan for scheduled activities?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard
*  B. Amazon CloudWatch dashboard
*  C. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  D. AWS Service Health Dashboard

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Personal Health Dashboard-provides alerts and remediation guidance when AWS is experiencing events
that may impact you. While the Service Health Dashboard displays the general status of AWS services,
Personal Health Dashboard gives you a personalized view into the performance and availability of the AWS
services underlying your AWS resources.
The dashboard displays relevant and timely information to help you manage events in progress, and provides
broactive notification to help you plan for scheduled activities. With Personal Health Dashboard, alerts are
triggered by changes in the health of AWS resources, giving you event visibility, and guidance to help quickly
diagnose and resolve issues.
CORRECT: "AWS Personal Health Dashboard" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Service Health Dashboard" is incorrect. This shows the current status of services across
regions. However, it does not provide proactive notifications of scheduled activities or guidance of any kind.
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard" is incorrect. AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that
provides you real time guidance to help you provision your resources following AWS best practices.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch dashboard" is incorrect as this service is used for monitoring performance
related information for your infrastructure and resources, not the underlying AWS resources.



**Question 88**

88.  Which services are involved with security? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS CloudHSM
*  B. AWS SMS
*  C. AWS KMS
*  D. AWS DMS
*  E. Amazon ELB

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
AWS Key Management Service (KMS) gives you centralized control over the encryption keys
used to protect your data. AWS CloudHSM is a cloud-based hardware security module (HSM)
that enables-you to easily generate and use your own encryption keys on the AWS Cloud.
CORRECT: "AWS CloudHSM" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS KMS" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS DMS" is incorrect. AWS Database Migration Service is used for migration of
databases.
INCORRECT: "AWS SMS" is incorrect. AWS Server Migration Service is used for migration of
virtual machines.
INCORRECT: "Amazon ELB" is incorrect. Amazon Elastic Load Balancing is used for distributing
incoming connections to pools of EC2 instances



**Question 89**

89.  An application stores images which will be retrieved infrequently, but must be available for retrieval immediately. Which is the most cost-effective storage option that meets these requirements?
*  A. Amazon Glacier with expedited retrievals
*  B. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access
*  C. Amazon S3 Standard
*  D. Amazon EFS

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon S3 Standard-infrequent Access is the most cost-effective choice. It provides
immediate-access and is suitable for this use case as it is lower cost than S3 standard.
Note that you must pay a fee for retrievals which is why you would only use this tier for
infrequent access use cases.
CORRECT: "Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Glacier with expedited retrievals" i? incorrect. Amazon Glacier with
expedited retrievals is fast (1-5 minutes) but not immediate.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EFS" is incorrect. Amazon EFS is a high-performance file system and
not ideally suited to this scenario, it is also not the most cost-effective option.
INCORRECT: "Amazon S3 Standard" is incorrect. Amazon S3 Standard provides immediate
retrieval but is not less cost-effective compared to Standard-infrequent access.



**Question 90**

90.  According to the shared responsibility model, which security-related task is the responsibility of the customer?
*  A. Securing servers and racks at AWS data centers.
*  B. Maintaining firewall configurations at a hardware level.
*  C. Maintaining server-side encryption.
*  D. Maintaining physical networking configuration.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
All client-side and server-side encryption is a responsibility of the customer
using the AWS Cloud. This can be clearly seen in the shared responsibility
model infographic below:
CORRECT: "Maintaining server-side encryption" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Securing servers and racks at AWS data centers" is incorrect. This
is an AWS responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Maintaining firewall configurations at a hardware level" is
incorrect. This is an AWS responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Maintaining physical networking configuration" is incorrect. This
is an AWS responsibility.



**Question 91**

91.  Which AWS service is a fully-managed source control service that hosts secure Git-based repositories?
*  A. AWS CodePipeline
*  B. AWS CodeBuild
*  C. AWS CodeDeploy
*  D. AWS CodeCommit

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS CodeCommit is a fully-managed source control service that hosts secure Git-based repositories. It makes
it easy for teams to collaborate on code in a secure and highly scalable ecosystem.
CodeCommit eliminates the need to operate your own source control system or worry about scaling its
infrastructure. You can use CodeCommit to securely store anything from source code to binaries, and it
works seamlessly with your existing Git tools.
CORRECT: "AWS codecommit" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodeBuild" is incorrect. AWS CodeBuild is a fully managed continuous integration service
that compiles source code, runs tests, and produces software packages that are ready to deploy.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodeDeploy" is incorrect. CodeDeploy is a deployment service that automates application
deployments to Amazon EC2 instances, on-premises instances, serverless Lambda functions, or Amazon ECS
services.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodePipeline" is incorrect. AWS CodePipeline is a fully managed continuous delivery
service that helps you automate your release pipelines for fast and reliable application and infrastructure
updates.



**Question 92**

92.  What should a Cloud Practitioner ensure when designing a highly available architecture on AWS?
*  A. Servers have low-latency and high throughput network connectivity.
*  B. There are enough servers to run at peak load available at all times.
*  C. A single monolithic application component handles all operations.
*  D. The failure of a single component should not affect the application.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
In a highly available system the failure of a single component should not affect the application. This
means that if a single component such as an application server fails. there should be other
applications servers available that can seamlessly take over operations and ensure the application
continues to operate.
SORRECt: "The failure of a single component should not affect the application" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Servers have low-latency and high throughput network connectivity" is incorrect. It is
not necessary for all architectures to have low-latency and high throughput network connectivity and
this does not ensure high availability.
INCORRECT: "There are enough servers to run at peak load available at all times" is incorrect. This
would be wasteful in terms of resources and cost. There should be enough servers available to handle
current load with adequate capacity to operate functionally in the event of a system failure.
Additional servers can be launched automatically. as the application demand increases.
INCORRECT: "A single monolithic application component handles all operations" is incorrect, This is a
bad design practice that reduces the availability of the system as the failure of update of any
individual component can bring the whole system down.



**Question 93**

93.  Which service can a Cloud Practitioner use to configure custom cost and usage limits end enable alerts for when defined thresholds are exceeded?
*  A. AWS Budgets
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. Cost Explorer
*  D. Consolidated billing

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Budgets allows you to set custom budgets to track your cost and usage. With
AWS Budgets, you can choose to be alerted by email or SNS notification when actual
or forecasted cost and usage exceed your budget threshold, or when your actual RI
and Savings Plans' utilization or coverage drops below your desired threshold.
CORRECT: "AWS Budgets" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Consolidated billing" is incorrect. This is associated with AWS
Organizations and provides a single bill across niültiple member accounts.
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. This service provides guidance on AWS
best practices.
INCORRECT: "Cost Explorer" is incorrect. This service is used for exploring the costs
incurred within your account.



**Question 94**

94.  A Cloud Practitioner requires a simple method to identify if unrestricted access to resources has been allowed by security groups. Which service can the Cloud Practitioner use?
*  A. VPC Flow Logs
*  B. AWS CloudTrail
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. AWS Trusted Advisor

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Trusted Advisor checks security groups for rules that allow unrestricted access
(0.0.0.0/0) to specific ports. Unrestricted access increases opportunities for malicious activity
(hacking, denial-of-service attacks, data). The ports with highest risk are flagged red,
and those with less risk are flagged yellow. Ports flagged green are typically used by
applications that require unrestricted access, such as HTTP and SMTP.
The following image shows the results of the security group checks in an AWS account:
CORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. CloudWatch is used for performance
monitoring.
INCORRECT: "VPC Flow Logs" is incorrect. VPC Flow Logs are used to capture network traffic
information, they will not easily identify unrestricted security groups.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is incorrect. This service is used for auditing API actions



**Question 95**

95.  Which AWS-managed service can be used to process vast amounts of data using a hosted Hadoop framework?
*  A. Amazon Athena
*  B. Amazon EMR
*  C. Amazon Redshift
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon Elastic MapReduce (EMR) is a web service that enables businesses,
researchers, data analysts, and developers to easily and cost-effectively process vast
amounts of data. EMR utilizes a hosted Hadoop framework running on Amazon EC2
and Amazon S3.
CORRECT: "Amazon EMR" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. DynamoDB is not a hosted Hadoop
framework, it is a no-SQL database.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Athena" is incorrect. Amazon Athena is a serverless, interactive
query service to query data and analyze big data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL
INCORRECT: "Amazon Redshift" is incorrect. Amazon Redshift is a fast, simple,
cost-effective data warehousing service.



**Question 96**

96.  Which Amazon EC2 pricing model should be avoided if a workload cannot accept interruption if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable?
*  A. Standard Reserved Instances
*  B. Convertible Reserved Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. On-Demand Instances

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 Spot Instances let you take advantage of unused EC2 capacity in the AWS
cloud. Spot Instances are available at up to a 90% discount compared to On-Demand
prices.
The downside is that if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable, your instances may
be terminated.
CORRECT: "Spot Instances" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "On-Demand Instances" is incorrect. On-demand instances are not subject
to interruption if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable.
INCORRECT: "Standard Reserved Instances" is incorrect. Reserved instances are not
subject to interruption if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable

INCORRECT: "Convertible Reserved Instances" is incorrect. Reserved instances are not
subject to interruption if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable.



**Question 97**

97.  Which on-premises costs must be included in a Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) calculation when comparing against the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Operating system administration
*  B. Database schema development
*  C. Project management services
*  D. Network infrastructure in the data center
*  E. Physical compute hardware

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
When performing a TCO analysis you must include all costs you are currently incurring in
the on-premises environment that you will not pay for in the AWS Cloud. This should
include labor costs for activities that will be reduced or eliminated. Labor costs that will
continue to be incurred in the cloud need not be included.
CORRECT: "Physical compute hardware" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Network infrastructure in the data center" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Operating system administration" is incor+ect. You don't need to include
these costs as you will continue to incur them in the AWS Cloud.
INCORRECT: "Project management services" is incorrect. You don't need to include these
costs as you will continue to incur them in the AWS Cloud.
Activate
INCORRECT: "Database schema development" is incorrect. You don't need to include
these costs as you will continue to incur them in the AWS Cloud.



**Question 98**

98.  A user needs an automated security assessment report that will identify unintended network access to Amazon EC2 instances and vulnerabilities on those instances. Which AWS service will provide this assessment report?
*  A. Amazon Macie
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. EC2 security groups
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon Inspector is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the security
and compliance of applications deployed on AWS. Amazon Inspector automatically assesses
applications for exposure, vulnerabilities, and deviations from best practices.
After performing an assessment, Amazon Inspector produces a detailed list of security findings
prioritized by level of severity. These findings can be reviewed directly or as part of detailed
assessment reports which are available via the Amazon Inspector console or API.
CORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "EC2 security groups" is incorrect. Security groups are instance-level firewalls used for
controlling network traffic reaching and leaving EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "AWS Config" is incorrect. AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit,
and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Macie" is incorrect. Amazon Macie is a fully managed data security and data
privacy service that uses machine learning and pattern matching to discover and protect sensitive
data in AWS.



**Question 99**

99.  Which AWS service can be used to run Docker containers?
*  A. Amazon ECS
*  B. Amazon ECR
*  C. AWS Lambda
*  D. Amazon AMI

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) is a highly scalable, high performance
container management service that supports Docker containers and allows you to
easily run applications on cluster ofAmazon EC2 instances.
CORRECT: "Amazon ECS" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is incorrect. AWS Lambda is a serverless technology
that lets you run code in response to events as functions
INCORRECT: "Amazon ECR" is incorrect. Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) is
a fully-managed Docker container registry that makes it easy for developers to
store, manage, and deploy Docker container images
INCORRECT: "Amazon AMI" is incorrect. Amazon Machine Images (AMI) store
configuration information for Amazon EC2 instances.



**Question 100**

100.  A company requires a dashboard for reporting when using a business intelligence solution. Which AWS service can a Cloud Practitioner use? Which AWS service can be used?
*  A. Amazon Athena
*  B. Amazon Redshift
*  C. Amazon Kinesis
*  D. Amazon QuickSight

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon QuickSight is a scalable, serverless, embeddable, machine learning-powered
business intelligence (Bl) service built for the cloud.
QuickSight lets you easily create and publish interactive Bl dashboards that include
Machine •Learning-powered insights.
QuickSight dashboards can be accessed from any device, and seamlessly embedded into
your applications, portals, and websites.
CORRECT: "Amazon QuickSight" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Redshift" is incorrect. RedShift is a data warehouse solution not a
dashboard. You can use QuickSight with RedShift.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Kinesis" is incorrect. This is a service for collecting streaming data.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Athena" is incorrect. Athena is used for running SQL queries on
data in Amazon S3.



**Question 101**

101.  According to the shared responsibility mode, which security and compliance task is AWS responsible for?
*  A. Updating operating systems
*  B. Updating Amazon EC2 host firmware
*  C. Encrypting data at rest
*  D. Granting permissions to users and services

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
According to the AWS shared responsibility model AWS are responsible for
security “of” the cloud. This includes updating the firmware of the EC2 host
servers on which instances run, All of the other answers are incorrect as they
represent security "in" the cloud which is a customer responsibility.
CORRECT: "Updating Amazon EC2 host firmware" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Granting permissions to users and services" is incorrect as this is
a customer responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Encrypting data at rest" is incorrect as this is a customer
responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Updating operating systems" is incorrect as this is a customer
responsibility.



**Question 102**

102.  How should an organization deploy an application running on multiple EC2 instances to ensure that a power failure does not cause ah application outage?
*  A. Launch the EC2 instances into different Availability Zones
*  B. Launch the EC2 instances into Edge Locations
*  C. Launch the EC2 instances into different VPCs
*  D. Launch the EC2 instances in separate regions

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
If you have multiple EC2 instances that are part of an application. you should deploy them into separate
availability zones (AZs). Each AZ has redundant power and is also fed from a different grid. AZs also have
low-latency network links which is often advantageous for most applications.
You do not need to deploy into separate regions to prevent a power outage bringing your application down. AZs
have redundant power and grids so you are safe deploying your applications into multiple AZs. If you split your
applications across regions you introduce latency which may impact your application. You may also run into data
sovereignty issues in some cases.
Deploying your EC2 instances into different VPCs is not required and would complicate your application
deployment. Also, bear in mind that VPCs within a region use the same underlying infrastructure so deploying
into different VPCs may still result in your EC2 instances being deployed into the same AZs. It is a best practice to
deploy into separate AZs.
CORRECT: "Launch the EC2 instances into different Availability Zones" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Launch the EC2 instances in separate regions" is incorrect as described above.
INCORRECT: "Launch the EC2 instances into different VPCs" is incorrect as described above.
INCORRECT: "Launch the EC2 instances into Edge Locations" is incorrect. You cannot deploy EC2 instances into
Edge Locations.



**Question 103**

103.  Which AWS service can be used to host a static website?
*  A. Amazon S3
*  B. Amazon EBS
*  C. Amazon EFS
*  D. AWS CloudFormation

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
You can use Amazon S3 to host a static website. On a static website, individual
webpages include static content. They might also contain client-side scripts.
By contrast, a dynamic website relies on server-side processing, including
server-side scripts such as PH#, JSP, or ASP.NET. Amazon S3 does not support
,server-side scripting, but AWS has other resources for hosting dynamic websites.

CORRECT: "Amazon S3" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT : "Amazon EBS" is incorrect as it cannot be used to host a static website.
INCORRECT : "AWS CloudFormation" is incorrect as it cannot be used to host a static website.
INCORRECT : "Amazon EFS" is incorrect as it cannot be used to host a static website.



**Question 104**

104.  Which AWS hybrid storage service enables a user's on-premises applications to seamlessly use AWS Cloud storage?
*  A. AWS Storage Gateway
*  B. AWS Backup
*  C. AWS Direct connect
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service that gives you on-premises access to virtually
unlimited cloud storage. Customers use Storage Gateway to simplify storage management and reduce costs
for key hybrid cloud storage use cases.
These include moving tape backups to the cloud, reducing on-premises storage with cloud-backed file shares,
providing low latency access to data in AWS for on-premises applications, as well as various migration,
archiving. processing, and disaster recovery use cases.
CORRECT: "AWS storage Gateway" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Backup" is incorrect. AWS Backup is a fully managed backup service that makes it easy to
centralize and automate the backup of data across AWS services. It iF not used for connecting on-premises
storage to cloud storage.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Connect" is incorrect. Amazon Connect is an easy to use omnichannel cloud contact
center that helps companies provide superior customer service at a lower cost. It has nothing to do with
storing data.
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect. AWS Direct Connect is a cloud service solution that makes it
easy to establish a dedicated network connection from your premises to AWS. It is not related to storage of
data.



**Question 105**

105.  What can be used to allow an application running on an Amazon EC2 instance t? securely store data in an Amazon S3 bucket without using long-term credentials?
*  A. AWS Systems Manager
*  B. AWS IAM access key
*  C. AWS IAM role
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
An IAM role is an IAM identity that you can create in your account that has specific permissions.
An IAM role is similar to an IAM user, in that it is an AWS identity with permission policies that
determine what the identity can and cannot do in AWS. However, instead of being uniquely
associated with one person, a role is intended to be assumable by anyone who needs it.
Also, a role does not have standard long-term credentials such as a password or access keys
associated with it. Instead, when you assume a role, it provides you with temporary security
credentials for your role session.
CORRECT: "AWS IAM role" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is incorrect. This service manages Amazon EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Connect" is incorrect. This is a contact center service.
INCORRECT: "AWS IAM access key" is incorrect. Access keys are considered long-term credentials
and therefore should not be embedded on EC2 instances in code. Using a role is more secure



**Question 106**

106.  Which cloud architecture design principle is supported by deploying workloads across multiple Availability Zones?
*  A. Automate infrastructure.
*  B. Design for agility.
*  C. Design for failure.
*  D. Enable elasticity.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 instances can be deployed in an Amazon VPC across multiple Availability
Zones. You would then typically use an Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) to distribute load
between the available instances. This-architecture enables high availability as if a single
instance fails or if something fails that causes an outage in an entire Availability Zone,
the application still has available instances to continue to service demand.
CORRECT: "Design for failure" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Design for agility" is incorrect. This is no an example of agility; it is an
example of high availability and fault tolerance.
INCORRECT: "Automate infrastructure" is incorrect. This is not an example of
automating.
INCORRECT: "Enable elasticity" is incorrect. This is not an example of elasticity. Elasticity
would be enabled by using Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling.



**Question 107**

107.  A Cloud Practitioner wants to configure the AWS CLI for programmatic access to AWS services. Which credential components are required? (Select TWO.)
*  A. A public key
*  B. A private key
*  C. An access key ID
*  D. An IAM Role
*  E. A secret access key

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. You can use access keys
to sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI or AWS API (directly or using the AWS SDK).
Access keys consist of two parts: an access key ID (for example, AKIAlOSFODNN7EXAMPLE) and a secret access
key (for example, wJalrXUtnFEMl/K7MDENG,'bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY).
Like a user name and password, you must use both the access key ID and secret access key together to
authenticate your requests. Manage your access keys as securely as you do your user name and password.
CORRECT: "An access key ID" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: 'IA secret access key" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "A public key" is incorrect. Public/private keys are used for encryption and are also associated
with the key pairs used to authenticate to EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "A private key" is incorrect. Public/private keys are used for encryption and are also associated
with the key pairs used to authenticate to EC2 instances.

INCORRECT: "An IAM Role" is incorrect. IAM Roles are not used for configuring the CLI for programmatic
access. They can be used for delegating access to AWS services and cross-account access.



**Question 108**

108.  Which AWS service should a Cloud Practitioner use to establish a secure network connection between an on-premises network and AWS?
*  A. AWS Mobile Hub
*  B. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
*  C. AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)
*  D. Virtual Private Network

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Virtual Private Network solutions establish secure connections between
your on-premises networks, remote offices, client devices, and the AWS global
network.
CORRECT: "Virtual Private Network" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Mobile Hub" is incorrect. This service is used for building,
testing, and monitoring mobile applications that make use of one or more AWS
services.
INCORRECT: "AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)" is incorrect. This service is
used for protecting against common web exploits.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)" is incorrect. This is a virtual
network in the cloud. You connect your AWS VPN to your Amazon VPC.



**Question 109**

109.  Which of the following tasks can a user perform to optimize Amazon costs? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Create users in a single Region to reduce the spread of EC2 instances globally.
*  B. Create a policy to restrict IAM users from accessing the Amazon EC2 console.
*  C. Implement Auto Scaling groups to add and remove instances based on demand.
*  D. Set a budget to limit spending on Amazon EC2 instances using AWS Budgets.
*  E. Purchase Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances.

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
Cost optimization can include using Auto Scaling groups to scale the number of EC2 instances
according to actual demand. Also, using Amazon EC2 reserved instances for suitable workloads
is a good way of optimizing costs over the longer term.
CORRECT: "Implement Auto Scaling groups to add and remove instances based on demand" is a
correct answer.
CORRECT: "Purchase Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Create a policy to restrict IAM users from accessing the Amazon EC2 console" is
incorrect. This is not an optimization strategy; it will just prevent access completely which
could be going too far.
INCORRECT: "Set a budget to limit spending on Amazon EC2 instances using AWS Budgets" is
incorrect. You can use AWS Budgets to notify you of spend but not to actually limit spend.

INCORRECT: "Create users in a single Region to reduce the spread of EC2 instances globally" is
incorrect. You cannot create users in a single Region, all IAM Users are global.



**Question 110**

110.  What is the function of Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling?
*  A. Automatically updates the EC2 pricing model, based on demand.
*  B. Scales the size of EC2 instances up or down automatically, based on demand.
*  C. Scales the number of EC2 instances in or out automatically, based on demand.
*  D. Automatically modifies the network throughput of EC2 instances, based on demand.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling helps you maintain application availability and allows you to
automatically add or remove EC2 instances according to conditions you define. You can use the
fleet management features of EC2 AutoScaling to maintain the health and availability of your
fleet. You can also use the dynamic and predictive scaling features of EC2 Auto Scaling to add or
remove EC2 instances.
CORRECT: "Scales the number of EC2 instances in or out automatically, based on demand." is
the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Scales the size of EC2 instances up or down automatically, based on demand." is
incorrect. Auto Scaling adjusts the number of EC2 instances, not the size of EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "Automatically updates the EC2 pricing model, based on demand." is incorrect.
Auto Scaling does not change pricing models
INCORRECT: "Automatically modifies the network throughput of EC2 instances, based on
demand." is incorrect. Auto Scaling does not modify network throughput for instances.



**Question 111**

111.  What are the benefits of using the AWS Managed Services? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Baseline integration with ITSM tools
*  B. Alignment with 'TIL processes
*  C. Managed applications so you can focu' on infrastructure
*  D. Support for all AWS services
*  E. Designed for small businesses

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
AWS Managed Services manages the daily operations of your AWS infrastructure in alignment with ITIL processes.
AWS Managed Services provides a baseline integration with IT Service Management (ITSM) tools such as the
ServiceNow platform.
AWS Managed Services provides ongoing management of your AWS infrastructure so you can focus on your
applications. By implementing best practices to maintain your infrastructure, AWS Managed Services helps to
reduce your operational overhead and risk.
AWS Managed Services currently supports the 20+ services most critical for Enterprises, and will continue to expand
our list of integrated AWS services.
AWS Managed Services is designed to meet the needs of Enterprises that require stringent SLAs, adherence to
corporate compliance, and integration with their systems and ITIL@-based processes.
CORRECT: "Alignment with ITIL processes" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Baseline integration with ITSM tools" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Managed applications so you can focus on infrastructure" is incorrect as this is not offered by AWS
Managed Services.
INCORRECT: "Designed for small businesses" is incorrect as the service is designed for enterprises.
INCORRECT: "Support for all AWS services" is incorrect as the service does not support all AWS services.



**Question 112**

112.  Which of the following security operations tasks must be performed by AWS customers? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Collecting syslog messages from physical firewalls
*  B. Installing security updates on EC2 instances
*  C. Installing security updates for server firmware
*  D. Issuing data center access keycards
*  E. Enabling multi-factor authentication (MFA) for privileged users

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
The customer is responsible for installing security updates on EC2 instances and enabling
MFA. AWS is responsible for security of the physical data center and the infrastructure upon
which customer services rum
CORRECT: "Installing security updates on EC2 instances" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Enabling multi-factor authentication (MFA) for privileged users" is also a correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "Collecting syslog messages from physical firewalls" is incorrect as this is an
AWS responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Issuing data center access keycards" is incorrect as this is an AWS
responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Installing security updates for server firmware" is incorrect as this iS an AWS
responsibility.



**Question 113**

113.  How can a security compliance officer retrieve AWS compliance documentation such as a SOC 2 report?
*  A. Using AWS Artifact
*  B. Using the AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  C. Using AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Using AWS Inspector

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Artifact, available in the console, is a self-service audit artifact retrieval portal that provides
our customers with on-demand access to AWS' compliance documentation and AWS agreements.
You can use AWS Artifact Reports to download AWS security and compliance documents, such as
AWS 'SO certifications, Payment Card Industry (PCI), and System and Organization Control (SOC)
reports.
CORRECT: "Using AWS Artifact" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Using AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. AWS Trusted Advisor is an online resource to
help you reduce cost, increase performance, and improve security by optimizing your AWS
environment.
INCORRECT: "Using AWS Inspector" is incorrect. Inspector is an automated security assessment
service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on AWS.
INCORRECT: "Using the AWS Personal Health Dashboard" is incorrect. AWS Personal Health
Dashboard provides alerts and remediation guidance when AWS is experiencing events that may
impact you.



**Question 114**

114.  Which of the following are AWS recommended best practices in relation to IAM? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Grant greatest privilege
*  B. Create individual IAM users
*  C. Enable MFA for all users
*  D. Embed access keys in application code
*  E. Assign permissions to users

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
AWS recommends that you treat individual IAM users rather than sharing IAM user accounts.
For extra security, AWS recommends that you require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all
users in your account. For privileged IAM users who are allowed to access sensitive resources or
API operations, AWS recommend using U2F or hardware MFA devices.
CORRECT: "Create individual IAM users" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Enable MFA for all users" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Assign permissions to users" is incorrect. should use groups to assign
permissions to IAM users and should avoid embedding access keys in application code.
INCORRECT: "Embed access keys in application code" is incorrect as this is against best practice
as it is highly insecure.
INCORRECT: "Grant greatest privilege" is incorrect. AWS recommend creating individual IAM
users and assigning the least privilege necessary for them to perform their role.



**Question 115**

115.  According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the customer's responsibility?
*  A. Maintaining Amazon API Gateway infrastructure.
*  B. Updating the guest operating system on Amazon EC2 instances.
*  C. Updating the operating system of AWS Lambda instances.
*  D. Maintaining the infrastructure needed to run Amazon DynamoDB.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
According to the AWSShared Responsibility Model updating Amazon EC2 guest
operating systems falls under the area of security "in" the cloud which is a customer
responsibility. With EC2, AWS manage the underlying platform on which EC2 runs but
you must launch and manage your operating systems.
CORRECT: "Updating the guest operating system on Amazon EC2 instances" is the
correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Maintaining the infrastructure needed to run Amazon DynamoDB" is
incorrect. This is a responsibility of AWS.
INCORRECT: "Updating the operating system of AWS Lambda instances" is incorrect.
This is a responsibility of AWS.
INCORRECT: "Maintaining Amazon API Gateway infrastructure" is incorrect. This is a
responsibility of AWS.



**Question 116**

116.  A Cloud Practitioner noticed that IP addresses that are owned by AWS are being used to attempt to flood ports on some of the company's systems To whom should the issue be reported?
*  A. AWS Partner Network (APN)
*  B. AWS Technical Account Manager (TAM)
*  C. AWS Trust & safety team
*  D. AWS Professional Services

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
If you suspect that AWS resources are used for abusive purposes, contact the
AWS Trust & Safety team using the Report Amazon AWS abuse form, or by
contacting abuse@amazonaws.com. Provide all the necessary information,
including logs in plaintext, email headers, and so on, when you submit your
request.
CORRECT: "AWS Trust & Safety team" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Professional Services" is incorrect. This is not the correct team.
INCORRECT: "AWS Partner Network (APN)" is incorrect. This is not the correct
team.
INCORRECT: "AWS Technical Account Manager (TAM)" is incorrect. This is not the
correct team.



**Question 117**

117.  Which AWS service should a Cloud Practitioner use to automate configuration management using Puppet?
*  A. AWS CloudFormation
*  B. AWS OpsWorks
*  C. AWS Systems Manager
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS OpsWorks is a configuration management service that provides managed instances of Chef and
Puppet. Chef and Puppet are automation platforms that allow you to use code to automate the
configurations of your servers.
OpsWprks lets you use Chef and Puppet to automate how servers are configured, deployed, and
mananaged across your Amazon EC2 instances or on-premises compute environments,
CORRECT: "AWS opsworks" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Config" is incorrect. AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and
evaluate the configurations of your AWF resources.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudFormation" is incorrect. AWS CloudFormation provides a common language
for you to model and provision AWS and third party application resources in your cloud environment.
INCORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is incorrect. AWS Systems Manager gives you visibility and
control of your infrastructure on AWS. Systems Manager provides a unified user interface so you can
view operational data from multiple AWS services and allows you to automate operational tasks
across your AWS resources.



**Question 118**

118.  How can an organization assess application for vulnerabilities and deviations from best practice?
*  A. Use AWS Artifact
*  B. Use AWS Shield
*  C. Use AWS Inspector
*  D. Use AWS WAF

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Inspector is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the
security and Compliance of applications deployed on AWS. Inspector
automatically assesses applications for vulnerabilities or deviations from best
practices.
CORRECT: "Use AWS Inspector" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Use AWS Artifact" is incorrect. AWS Artifact is your go-to, central
resource for compliance-related information that matters to you.
INCORRECT: "Use AWS Shield" is incorrect. AWS Shield is a managed Distributed
Denial of Service (DDoS) protection service.
INCORRECT: "Use AWS WAF" is incorrect. AWS Web application Firewall(WAF) is a
firewall service, it is not used for assessing best practice.



**Question 119**

119.  Which benefit of AWS enables companies to replace upfront fixed expenses with variable expenses when using on-demand technology services?
*  A. High availability
*  B. Economies of scale
*  C. Pay-as-you-go pricing
*  D. Global reach

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Pay-as-you-go-pricing is an example of the AWS advantage "Trade capital expense for variable expense". This
is documented in the Six Advantages of Cloud Computing.
Instead of having to invest heavily in data centers and servers before you know how you're going to use
them, you can pay only when you consume commputing resources, and pay only for how much you consume.
CORRECT: "Pay-as-you-go pricing" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Economies of scale" is incorrect. This is not an example of replacing fixed expenses with
variable expenses. The benefit of economies of scale relates to achieving a lower variable cost than you can
get on your own. Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers is aggregated in the cloud,
providers such as AWS can achieve higher economies of scale, which translates into lower pay as-you-go
prices.
INCORRECT: "Global reach" is incorrect. This is most closely associated with the advantage "Go global in
minutes". With AWS you can easily deploy your application in multiple regions around the world with just a
few clicks. This means you can provide lower latency and a better experience for your customers at minimal
cost.

INCORRECT: "High availability" is incorrect. High availability is not related to pricing. Instead, it means you
can design your applications to be available with minimum downtime even when disruptions occur.



**Question 120**

120.  AWS are able to continue to reduce their pricing due to:
*  A. Pay-as-you go pricing
*  B. Economies of scale
*  C. The AWS global infrastructure
*  D. Reserved instance pricing

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
By using cloud computing, you can achieve a lower variable cost than you can get on
your own. Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers is aggregated in
the cloud providers such as AWS can achieve higher economies of scale, which
translates into lower pay as-you-go prices.
CORRECT: "Economies of scale" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "The AWS global infrastructure" is incorrect. The global infrastructure is
the basis of the AWS platform but it is not the reason prices continue to reduce.
INCORRECT: "Pay-as-you go pricing" is incorrect. This pricing model is a benefit but not
the reason unit prices are reducing.
INCORRECT: "Reserved instance pricing" is incorrect. This pricing model results in
savings for customers in specific areas but not the reason for the overall reduction in
prices.



**Question 121**

121.  Which AWS service or feature allows a company to receive a single monthly AWS bill when using multiple AWS accounts?
*  A. Amazon Cloud Directory.
*  B. AWS Cost Explorer.
*  C. AWS Cost and Usage report.
*  D. Consolidated billing.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
you can use the consolidated billing feature in AWS organizations to consolidate billing and payment for multiple AWS
accounts or multiple Amazon Internet Services Pvt. Ltd (AISPL) accounts. Every organization in AWS Organizations has a
master (payer) account that pays the charges of all the member (linked) accounts.
Consolidated billing has the following benefits:
• One bill - You get one bill for multiple accounts.
• Easy tracking - You can track the charges across multiple accounts and download the combined cost and usage data.
• Combined usage - You can combine the usage across all accounts in the organization to share the volume pricing
discounts, Reserved Instance discounts, and Savings Plans. This can result in a lower charge for your project, department.
or company than with individual standalone accounts.
• No extra fee - Consolidated billing is offered at no additional cost.
CORRECT: "Consolidated billing" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Cloud Directory" is incorrect. Cloud Directory is used for creating cloud-native directories. This is not
related to billing.
INCORRECT: "AWS Cost Explorer" is incorrect. AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you visualize,
understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time. It does not centralize billing.
INCORRECT: "AWS Cost and Usage report" is incorrect. The AWS Cost & Usage Report lists AWS usage for each service
category used by an account and its IAM users in hourly or daily line items, as well as any tags that you have activated for
cost allocation purposes.



**Question 122**

122.  A user has limited knowledge of AWS services, but wants to quickly deploy a scalable Node.js application in an Amazon VPC. Which service should be used to deploy the application?
*  A. Amazon EC2
*  B. Amazon LightSaiI
*  C. AWS CloudFormation
*  D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Elastic Beanstalk is an easy-to-use service for deploying and scaling web applications and services
developed with Java, .NET, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go, and Docker on familiar servers such as
Apache, Nginx, Passenger, and IIS.
You simply upload your code and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment, from
capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling to application health monitoring. At the same time,
you retain full control over the AWS resources powering your application and can access the
underlying resources at any time.
CORRECT: "AWS Elastic Beanstalk" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon LightSail" is incorrect. LightSail is a good service to use when you don't have
good knowledge of AWS. However, you cannot deploy a scalable node.js application into a VPC.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudFormation" is incorrect. CloudFormation is used for automating the
deployment of infrastructure resources in AWS.
Windows
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2" is incorrect. This would require more expertise that using Elastic Beanstalk.



**Question 123**

123.  A Cloud Practitioner is re-architecting a monolithic application. Which design principles for cloud architecture do AWS recommend? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Implement manual scalability.
*  B. Use self-managed servers.
*  C. Rely on individual components.
*  D. Design for scalability.
*  E. Implement loose coupling.

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
Dependencies such as queuing systems, streaming systems, workflows, and load balancers are loosely
coupled. Loose coupling helps isolate behavior of a component from other components that depend on it,
increasing resiliency and agility.
AWS recommends that you architect applications that scale horizontally to increase aggregate workload
availability. This scaling should be automatic where possible.
CORRECT: "Implement loose coupling" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Design for scalability" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Implement manual scalability" is incorrect. AWS not recommend manual processes.
Everything should be automated as much as possible.
INCORRECT: "Use self-managed servers" is incorrect. AWS do not recommend using self-managed servers.
They do recommend using serverless services if you can.
INCORRECT: "Rely on individual components" is incorrect. This is not a best practice; you should never
rely on individual components. It is better to build redundancy into the system so the failure of an
individual component does not affect the functioning of the application.



**Question 124**

124.  Which AWS service helps customers meet corporate, contractual, and regulatory compliance requirements for data security by using dedicated hardware appliances within the AWS Cloud?
*  A. AWS Secrets Manager
*  B. AWS Directory Service
*  C. AWS Key Management service (AWS "MS)
*  D. AWS CloudHSM

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The AWS CloudHSM service helps you meet corporate, contractual, and regulatory
compliance requirements for data security by using dedicated Hardware Security Module
(HSM) instances within the AWS cloud. AWS CloudHSM enables you to easily generate and
use your own encryption keys on the AWS Cloud.
CORRECT: "AWS CloudHSM" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Secrets Manager" is incorrect. AWS Secrets Manager enables you to easily
rotate, manage, and retrieve database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout
their lifecycle.
INCORRECT: "AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)" is incorrect. This service is also
involved with creating and managing encryption keys but does not use dedicated hardware.
INCORRECT: "AWS Directory Service" is incorrect. AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active
Directory, also known as AWS Managed Microsoft AD, enables your directory-aware
workloads and AWS resources to use managed Active Directory in the AWS Cloud.



**Question 125**

125.  A new user is unable to access any AWS services, what is the most likely explanation?
*  A. By default new users are created without access to any AWS services
*  B. The user needs to login with a key pair
*  C. The services are currently unavailable
*  D. The default limit for user logons has been reached

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
By default new users are created with NO access to any AWS services - they can only login to the AWS
console. You must apply permissions to users to allow them to access services.
The recommended way to do this is to organize users into groups and then apply permissions policies
to the group.
CORRECT: "By default new users are created without access to any AWS services" is the correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "The user needs to login with a key pair" is incorrect' Key pairs are used for programmatic
access using the API so they are required for API access only.
INCORRECT: "The services are currently unavailable" is incorrect as it is far more likely that the user
just doesn't have permissions.
INCORRECT: "The default limit for user logons has been reached" is incorrect as there is no limit for
user logons.



**Question 126**

126.  Which technology can automatically adjust compute capacity as demand for an application increases or decreases?
*  A. Auto Scaling
*  B. High availability
*  C. Fault tolerance
*  D. Load balancing

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling helps you maintain application availability and allows you to automatically add or
remove EC2 instances according to conditions you define. You can use the fleet management features of EC2
Auto Scaling to maintain the health and availability of your fleet.
You can also use the dynamic and predictive scaling features of EC2 Auto Scaling to add or remove EC2
instances. Dynamic scaling responds to changing demand and predictive scaling automatically schedules the
right number of EC2 instances based on predicted demand. Dynamic scaling and predictive scaling can be used
together to scale faster.
The image below shows an example where an Auto Scaling group is configured to ensure the average CPU of
instances in the ASG does not exceed 60%. An additional instance is being launched as the actual load is 71.5%.
CORRECT: "Auto Scaling" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Load balancing" is incorrect. Load balancing is not about compute capacity but ensuring
connections are distributed across multiple instances.
INCORRECT: "Fault tolerance" is incorrect. Fault tolerance is related to the architecture of an application that
ensures that the failure of any single component does not affect the application.

INCORRECT: "High availability" is incorrect. High availability ensures the maximum uptime for your application
by designing the system to recover from failure.



**Question 127**

127.  A Service Control Policy (SCP) is used to manage the maximum available permissions and is associated with which of the following?
*  A. AWS Organizations
*  B. AWS Global Infrastructure
*  C. Availability Zones
*  D. AWS Regions

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Service control policies (SCPs) are a type of organization policy that you can use to
manage permissions in your organization. SCPs offer central control over the
maximum available permissions for all accounts in your organization. SCPs are
associated with AWS Organizations and help you to ensure your accounts stay within
your organization's access control guidelines. SCPs are available only in an
organization that has all features enabled.
CORRECT: "AWS Organizations" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Global Infrastructure" is incorrect. SCPs are not associated with
the AWS Global Infrastructure.
INCORRECT: "AWS Regions" is incorrect. SCPs are not associated with AWS Regions.
INCORRECT: "Availability Zones" is incorrect. SCPs are not associated with
Availability Zones.



**Question 128**

128.  An application has highly dynamic usage patterns. Which characteristics of the AWS Cloud make it cost-effective for this type of workload? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Elasticity
*  B. Reliability
*  C. Pay-as-you-go pricing
*  D. Strict security
*  E. High availability

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
AWS is a cost-effective for dynamic workloads because it is elastic, meaning your
workload can scale based on demand. And because you only pay for what you use
(pay-as-you-go pricing).
CORRECT: "Elasticity" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Pay-as-you-go pricing" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "High availability" is incorrect. This iy not a characteristic that
results in cost-effectiveness.
INCORRECT: "Strict security" is incorrect. This is not a characteristic that results
in cost-effectiveness.
INCORRECT: "Reliability" is incorrect. This is not a characteristic that results In
cost-effectiveness.



**Question 129**

129.  An eCommerce company plans to use the AWS Cloud to quickly deliver new functionality in an iterative manner, minimizing the time to market. Which feature of the AWS Cloud provides this functionality?
*  A. Elasticity
*  B. Agility
*  C. Fault tolerance
*  D. Cost effectiveness

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
In a cloud computing environment, new IT resources are only a click away, which means that
you reduce the time to .make those resources available to your developers from weeks to just
minutes.
This results in a dramatic increase in agility for the organization, since the cost and time it
takes to experiment and develop is significantly lower.
CORRECT: "Agility" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Elasticity" is incorrect. Elasticity enables infrastructure to scale based on
demand and helps applications perform and be cost effective. It does not reduce time to
INCORRECT : "Fault tolerance" is incorrect as this is involved with ensuring applications stay available in the event of a fault.
INCORRECT : "Cost effectiveness" is incorrect. The AWS Cloud can be cost effective but this is not the benefit that allows faster time to market.



**Question 130**

130.  Which of the following is an advantage for a company running workloads in the AWS Cloud vs on-premises? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Increased productivity for application development teams.
*  B. Higher acquisition costs to support elastic workloads.
*  C. Increased time to market for new application features.
*  D. Less staff time is required to launch new workloads.
*  E. Lower overall utilization of server and storage systems.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
Using AWS cloud services can help development teams to be more productive as they spend
less time working on the infrastructure layer as it is provided for them. This additionally
means launching new workloads requires less time as you can automate the
implementation of the application and there is no underlying hardware layer to configure.
CORRECT: "Less staff time is required to launch new workloads" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Increased productivity for application development teams" is also a correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "Increased time to market for new application features" is incorrect. AWS
services should decrease time to market, not increase time.
INCORRECT: "Higher acquisition costs to support elastic workloads" is incorrect. The
acquisition costs should be lower, not higher.
INCORRECT: "Lower overall utilization of server and storage systems" is incorrect. this is not
a benefit of moving to the cloud.



**Question 131**

131.  Which of the following statements are correct about the benefits of AWS Direct Connect? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Quick to implement
*  B. Uses redundant paths across the Internet
*  C. Lower cost than a VPN
*  D. Increased bandwidth (predictable bandwidth)
*  E. Increased reliability (predictable performance)

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
AWS Direct Connect is a network service that provides an alternative to using the Internet to connect customers'
on premise sites to AWS.
Data is transmitted through a private network connection between AWS and a customer's data center or
corporate network.
Benefits of AWS Direct Connect:
- Reduce cost when using large volumes of traffic.
- Increase reliability (predictable performance).
- Increase bandwidth (predictable bandwidth).
- Decrease latency.
  CORRECT: "Increased reliability (predictable performance)" is a correct answer.
  CORRECT: "Increased bandwidth (predictable bandwidth)" is also a correct answer.
  INCORRECT: "Quick to implement" is incorrect. Direct Connect is not fast to implement as it can take weeks to
  months to setup (use VPN for fast deployment times).
  INCORRECT: "Lower cost than a VPN" is incorrect. Direct Connect is more expensive than VPN.
  INCORRECT: "Uses redundant paths across the Internet" is incorrect. Direct Connect uses private network
  connections, it does not use redundant paths over the Internet.
-


**Question 132**

132.  Which AWS support plan comes with a Technical Account Manager(TAM)?
*  A. Basic
*  B. Business
*  C. Enterprise
*  D. Developer

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Only the Enterprise plan comes with a TAM.
CORRECT: "Enterprise" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Basic" is incorrect as this plan does not come with
a TAM.
INCORRECT: "Developer" is incorrect as this plan does not come
with a TAM.
INCORRECT: "Business" is incorrect as this plan does not come
with a TAM.



**Question 133**

133.  Which AWS service or feature can be used to capture information about inbound and outbound IP traffic on network interfaces in a VPC?
*  A. AWS CloudTrail
*  B. VPC Endpoint
*  C. Internet gateway
*  D. VPC Flow Logs

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
VPC Flow Logs is a feature that enables you to capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network
interfaces in your VPC. Flow log data can be published to Amazon CloudWatch Logs or Amazon S3. After you've
created a flow log, you can retrieve and view its data in the chosen destination.
Flow logs can help you with a number of tasks, such as:
• Diagnosing overly restrictive security group rules
• Monitoring the traffic that is reaching your instance
• Determining the direction of the traffic to and from the network interfaces
Flow log data is collected outside of the path of your network traffic, and therefore does not affect network
throughput or latency. You can create or delete flow logs without any risk of impact to network performance.
CORRECT: "VPC Flow Logs" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Internet gateway" is incorrect. An internet gateway is attached to a VPC and used for sending and
receiving data from the internet.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is incorrect. CloudTrail is used for auditing API activity.
Windows
INCORRECT: "VPC Endpoint" is incorrect. VPC endpoints are used for connecting to public AWS services using
private IP addresses.



**Question 134**

134.  Which service allows an organization to view operational data from multiple AWS services through a unified user interface and automate operational tasks?
*  A. AWS opsWorks
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Systems Manager gives you visibility and control of your infrastructure on AWS.
Systems Manager provides a unified user interface so you can view operational data
from multiple AWS services and allows you to automate operational tasks across your
AWS resources.
CORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Config" is incorrect. AWS Config is a fully-managed service that
provides you with an AWS resource inventory, configuration history, and configuration
change notifications to enable security and regulatory compliance.
INCORRECT: "AWS OpsWorks" is incorrect. AWS OpsWorks is a configuration
management service that provides managed instances of Chef and Puppet.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring
service for AWS cloud resources and the applications you run on AWS. You use
CloudWatch for performance monitoring, not automating operational tasks.



**Question 135**

135.  How does the consolidated billing feature of AWS Organizations treat Reserved Instances that were purchased by another account in the organization?
*  A. All accounts in the organization are treated as one account so any account can receive the   hourly cost benefit
*  B. Only the master account can benefit from the hourly cost benefit of the reserved instances
*  C. All accounts in the organization are treated as one account Gr volume discounts but not for   reserved instance
*  D. AWS Organizations does not support any volume or reserved instance benefits across   accounts, it is just a method of aggregating bills

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
For billing purposes, the consolidated billing feature of AWS Organizations treats all the
accounts in the organization as one account. This means that all accounts in the
organization can receive the hourly cost benefit of Reserved Instances that are
purchased by any other account.
"All accounts in the organization are treated as one account so any account
can receive the hourly cost benefit" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Only the master account can benefit from the hourly cost benefit of the
reserved instances" is incorrect as explained above.
INCORRECT: "All accounts in the organization are treated as one account for volume
discounts but not for reserved instances" is incorrect as explained above..
INCORRECT: "AWS Organizations does not support any volume or reserved instance
benefits across accounts, it is just a method of aggregating bills" is incorrect as explained
above.



**Question 136**

136.  An Amazon EC2 instance running the Amazon Linux 2 AMI is billed in what increment?
*  A. Per hour
*  B. Per second
*  C. Per CPU
*  D. Per GB

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 instances running Linux are billed in one second increments,
with a minimum of 60 seconds.
CORRECT: "Per second" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Per hour" is incorrect. You do not pay per hour.
INCORRECT: "Per CPU" is incorrect. You do not pay per CPU.
INCORRECT: "Per GB" is incorrect. You pay for Amazon EBS on a per GB of
provisioned storage basis.



**Question 137**

137.  To gain greater discounts, which services can be reserved? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Amazon S3
*  B. Amazon RedShift
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB
*  E. AWS Lambda

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
Reservations provide you with greater discounts, up to 75%, by paying for capacity ahead
of time. Some of the services you can reserve include: EC2, DynamoDB, ElastiCache, RDS,
Gpnd RedShift.
CORRECT: "Amazon RedShift" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon S3" is incorrect. You cannot reserve Amazon S3, you pay for what you use.
INCORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is incorrect. AWS Lambda is a service that provides functions
and cannot be reserved.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. You cannot reserve Amazon CloudWatch
which is a monitoring service.





**Question 138**

138.  Which IAM entity can be used for assigning permissions to multiple users?
*  A. IAM password policy
*  B. IAM Group
*  C. IAM Role
*  D. IAM User

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Groups are collections of users and have policies attached to them. You
can use groups to assign permissions to multiple users. To do this place the
users in the group and then create an IAM policy with the correct
permissions and attach it to the group.
you do not use an IAM User, Role, or password policy to assign permissions
to multiple users.
CORRECT: "IAM Group" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "IAM User" is incorrect as explained above.
INCORRECT: "IAM Role" is incorrect as explained above.

INCORRECT: "IAM password policy" is incorrect as explained above.



**Question 139**

139.  How can an organization track resource inventory and configuration history for the purpose of security and regulatory compliance?
*  A. Run a report with AWS Artifact
*  B. Create an Amazon CloudTrail trail
*  C. Implement Amazon GuardDuty
*  D. Configure AWS Config with the resource types

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Config is a fully-managed service that provides you with an AWS resource inventory,
configuration history, and configuration change notifications to enable security and regulatory
compliance.
CORRECT: "Configure AWS Config with the resource types" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Create an Amazon CloudTrail trail" is incorrect. CloudTrail tracks API activity. This
means it is used to monitor who does what on Amazon. It does not provide a resource inventory or
configuration history.
INCORRECT: "Implement Amazon GuardDuty" is incorrect. Åmazon GuardDuty offers threat
detection and continuous security monitoring for malicious or unauthorized behavior to help you
protect your AWS accounts and workloads.
INCORRECT: "Run a report with AWS Artifact" is incorrect. AWS Artifact is used for obtaining
on-demand security and compliance reports and select online agreements. This service provides
access to AWS security and compliance reports such as SOC and PCI. You don't use Artifact to track
your own resource inventory and configuration history.



**Question 140**

140.  Which service can be used to create sophisticated, interactive graph applications?
*  A. AWS X-Ray
*  B. Amazon RedShift
*  C. Amazon Athena
*  D. Amazon Neptune

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon Neptune is a fast, reliable, fully-managed graph database service that makes it
easy to build and run applications that work with highly connected datasets. With
Amazon Neptune, you can create sophisticated, interactive graph applications that can
query billions of relationships in milliseconds.
CORRECT: "Amazon Neptune" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon RedShift" is incorrect. Amazon Redshift is a fast, scalable data
warehouse that makes it simple and cost-effective to analyze all your data across your
data warehouse and data 19ke.
INCORRECT: "AWS X-Ray" is incorrect. AWS X-Ray helps developers analyze and debug
production, distributed applications, such as those built using a microservices
architecture.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Athena" is incorrect. Amazon Athena is an interactive query service
that makes it easy to analyze data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL.



**Question 141**

141.  Which AWS service lets you use Chef and Puppet to automate how servers are configured, deployed, and managed across your Amazon EC2 instances or on-premises compute environments?
*  A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  B. AWS OpsWorks
*  C. AWS CloudFormation
*  D. AWS Systems Manager

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS OpsWorks is a configuration management service that provides managed
instances of Chef and Puppet. OpsWorks lets you use Chef and Puppet to
automate how servers are configured, deployed, and managed across your
Amazon EC2 instances dr on-premises compute environments.
CORRECT: "AWS OpsWorks" is the correct answer.

INCORRECT: "AWS Elastic Beanstalk" is incorrect. This service does not use Chef or Puppet.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudFormation" is incorrect. This service does not use Chef or Puppet.
INCORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is incorrect. This service does not use Chef or Puppet.



**Question 142**

142.  Which database allows you to scale at the push of a button without incurring any downtime?
*  A. Amazon EMR
*  B. Amazon RDS
*  C. Amazon RedShift
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that
provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability. Push
button scaling means that you can scale the DB at any time without
incurring downtime.
'€AII other databases are based on EC2 instances and therefore you must
increase the instance size to scale which will incur downtime.
CORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is th? correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon RDS" is incorrect as explained above.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EMR" is incorrect as explained above.
Activate "-VindO•AS
INCORRECT: "Amazon RedShift" is incorrect as explained above.



**Question 143**

143.  Which service can be used to cost-effectively move exabytes of data into AWS?
*  A. S3 Transfer Acceleration
*  B. S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR)
*  C. AWS Snowball
*  D. AWS Snowmobile

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
With AWS Snowmobile you can move 100PB per snowmobile. AWS call this an
"Exabyte-scale data transfer service".
CORRECT: "AWS Snowmobile" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Snowball" is incorrect. With AWS Snowball you can move
up to 80TB per device. AWS call this a "petabyte-scale data transfer service".
INCORRECT: "S3 Transfer Acceleration" is incorrect. S3 Transfer Acceleration is
meant speed up uploads to Amazon S3 but would not be used for exabytes of
data.
INCORRECT: "S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR)" is incorrect. S3 Cross-Region
Replication is used for copying data between regions, not into AWS. It is also
unsuitable for moving such as huge amount of data.



**Question 144**

144.  A company has a website that delivers static content from an Amazon S3 bucket to users from around the world. Which AWS service will deliver the content with low latency?
*  A. Amazon CloudFront
*  B. AWS Lambda
*  C. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  D. AWS Global Accelerator

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) and can use an Amazon S3
bucket configured as a static website as an origin for the content is caches
globally. CloudFront reduces latency for global users by serving the requested
content from a local cache.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is incorrect. Lambda is a serverless compute service
that runs code in response to triggers.
INCORRECT: "AWS Elastic Beanstalk" is incorrect. Elastic Beanstalk is a platform as
a service offering that is used to run applications on a managed platform.
INCORRECT: "AWS Global Accelerator" is incorrect. Global Accelerator is used to
direct traffic to application endpoints in different Regions using the AWS global
network. It does not cache content and would not be used in front of an S3 bucket.



**Question 145**

145.  When using Amazon IAM, what authentication methods are available to use? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Client certificates
*  B. AES 256
*  C. Access keys
*  D. Server certificates
*  E. AWS KMS

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**  
Supported authentication methods include console passwords, access keys and server certificates.
Access keys are a combination of an access key ID and a secret access key and can be used to make
programmatic calls to AWS.
Server certificates are SSL/TLS certificates that you can use to authenticate with some AWS
services.
CORRECT: "Access keys" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Server certificates" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Client certificates" is incorrect. Client certificate are not a valid IAM authentication
method.
INCORRECT: "AWS KMS" is incorrect. AWS Key Management Service (KMS) is used for managing
encryption keys and is not used for authentication..
INCORRECT: "AES 256" is incorrect. AES 256 is an encryption algorithm, not an authentication
method.



**Question 146**

146.  Which AWS service does API Gateway integrate with to enable users from around the world to achieve the lowest possible latency for API requests and responses?
*  A. AWS Lambda
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
*  D. Amazon CloudFront

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront i; used as the public endpoint for API Gateway. Provides
reduced latency and distributed denial of service protection through the use of
CloudFront.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect. AWS Direct Connect is a cloud
service solution that makes it easy to establish a dedicated network connection
from your premises to AWS.
INCORRECT: "Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration" is incorrect. Amazon S3 Transfer
Acceleration is a bucket-level feature that enables faster data transfers to and from
Amazon S3.
INCORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is incorrect. AWS Lambda lets you run code without
provisioning or managing servers.



**Question 147**

147.  Which Amazon EC2 pricing model is the most cost-effective for an always-up, right-sized database server running a project that will last 1 year?
*  A. Convertible Reserved Instances
*  B. On-Demand Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. Standard Reserved Instances

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Reserved Instances (Rls) provide you with a significant discount (up to 72%) compared
to On-Demand instance pricing. Standard reserved instances offer the most cost
savings. RIS are based on a 1 or 3 year contract so they are suitable for workloads that
will run for the duration of the contract period.
CORRECT: "Standard Reserved Instances" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Convertible Reserved Instances" is incorrect. You have the flexibility to
change families, OS types, and tenancies while benefiting from RI pricing when you
use Convertible Rls. However, this is not required for a right-sized server.
INCORRECT: "On-Demand Instances" is incorrect. This pricing model offers not
discounts.
INCORRECT: "Spot Instances" is incorrect. Though you can achieve greater cost savings
with Spot instances, the instances can be terminated when AWS need the capacity
back.



**Question 148**

148.  Which service provides the ability to simply upload applications and have AWS handle the deployment details of capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and application health monitoring?
*  A. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
*  B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  C. AWS OpsWorks
*  D. Amazon EC2

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Elastic Beanstalk can be used to quickly deploy and manage applications in the AWS
Cloud. Developers upload applications and Elastic Beanstalk handles the deployment details of
capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and application health monitoring.
Considered a Platform as a Service (PaaS) solution. Supports Java, .NET, PHP, Node.js, Python,
Ruby, Go, and Docker web applications.
CORRECT: "AWS Elastic Beanstalk" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2" is incorrect. Amazon EC2 is an laaS solution that provides
unmanaged instances that you can deploy with a variety of operating systems.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling" is incorrect. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling provides
elasticity for your applications by automatically launching or terminating EC2 instances
according to application load or schedules you define.
INCORRECT: "AWS OpsWorks" is incorrect. AWS OpsWorks provides a managed service for Chef
and Puppet. This service is involved with automation and configuration management.



**Question 149**

149.  Which AWS service can be used to track the activity of users on AWS?
*  A. Amazon CloudWatch
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. AWS Directory Service
*  D. AWS CloudTrail

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and
risk auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor, and
retain account activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure.
Think of CloudTrail is an auditing service (who did what and when), and CloudWatch as a
performance monitoring service (how much resource was used).
CORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Directory Service" is incorrect. This service provides several options for
running directory services on AWS and connecting to services on-premises.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Amazon Inspector is an automated security
assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed
on AWS

INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. CloudWatch is used for performance
monitoring, not auditing.




**Question 150**

150.  Which statement best describes Amazon Route 53?
*  A. Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System   (DNS) service
*  B. Amazon Route 53 is a service for distributing incoming connections between a   fleet of registered EC2 instances
*  C. Amazon Route 53 enables hybrid cloud models by extending an organization's   on-premise networks into the AWS cloud
*  D. Amazon Route 53 is a service that enables routing within VPCs in an account

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable cloud Domain Name System (DNS) web service. It is
designed to give developers and businesses an extremely reliable and cost effective way to route end
users to Internet applications by translating names like www.example.com into the numeric IP
addresses like 192.0.2.1 that computers:use to connect to each other. Amazon Route 53 is fully
with IPv6 as well.
CORRECT: "Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) service" is
the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Route 53 is a service that enables routing within VPCs in an account" is
incorrect. The VPC router performs routine within a VPC.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Route 53 enables hybrid cloud models by extending an organization's
on-premise networks into the AWS cloud" is incorrect. Direct Connect enables hybrid cloud models by
extending an organization's on-premise networks into the AWS cloud.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Route 53 is a service for distributing incoming connections between a fleet of
registered EC2 instances" is incorrect. Auto Scaling is a service for distributing incoming connections
between a fleet of registered EC2 instances.

