# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials - Module 01

**Question 1**

1. What is cloud computing?
*  A. Backing up files that are stored on desktop and mobile devices to prevent data loss
*  B. Deploying applications connected to on-premises infrastructure
*  C. Deploying applications connected to on-premises infrastructure
*  D. On-demand delivery of IT resources and applications through the internet with pay-as-you-go pricing


**Answer**  D

**Explanation**
The correct response option is On-demand delivery of IT resources and applications through the internet with pay-as-you-go pricing.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* It is possible to back up files to the cloud, but this response option does not describe cloud computing as a whole.
* Deploying applications connected to on-premises infrastructure is a sample use case for a hybrid cloud deployment. Remember that cloud computing also has cloud and on-premises (or private cloud) deployment models.
* AWS Lambda is an AWS service that lets you run code without needing to manage or provision servers. This description does not describe cloud computing as a whole. AWS Lambda is explained in greater detail later in the course.


**Question 2**

1. What is another name for on-premises deployment?
*  A. Private cloud deployment
*  B. Cloud-based application
*  C. Hybrid deployment
*  D. AWS Cloud


**Answer**  A

**Explanation**

The correct response option is Private cloud deployment.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* Cloud-based applications are fully deployed in the cloud and do not have any parts that run on premises.
* A hybrid deployment connects infrastructure and applications between cloud-based resources and existing resources that are not in the cloud, such as on-premises resources. However, a hybrid deployment is not equivalent to an on-premises deployment because it involves resources that are located in the cloud.
* The AWS Cloud offers three cloud deployment models: cloud, hybrid, and on-premises. This response option is incorrect because the AWS Cloud is not equivalent to only an on-premises deployment.




**Question 3**

1. How does the scale of cloud computing help you to save costs?
*  A. You do not have to invest in technology resources before using them.
*  B. The aggregated cloud usage from a large number of customers results in lower pay-as-you-go prices.
*  C. Accessing services on-demand helps to prevent excess or limited capacity.
*  D. You can quickly deploy applications to customers and provide them with low latency.


**Answer**  B

**Explanation**
The correct response option is The aggregated cloud usage from a large number of customers results in lower pay-as-you-go prices.

This answer describes how customers can benefit from massive economies of scale in cloud computing.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* Not having to invest in technology resources before using them relates to Trade upfront expense for variable expense.
* Accessing services on-demand to prevent excess or limited capacity relates to Stop guessing capacity.
* Quickly deploying applications to customers and providing them with low latency relates to Go global in minutes.