# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials - Module 03

**Question 1**

1. Which statement best describes an Availability Zone?
*  A. A geographical area that contains AWS resources
*  B. A single data center or group of data centers within a Region
*  C. A data center that an AWS service uses to perform service-specific operations
*  D. A service that you can use to run AWS infrastructure within your own on-premises data center in a hybrid approach


**Answer**  B

**Explanation**
The correct response option is A single data center or group of data centers within a Region.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* A Region is a geographical area that contains AWS resources.
* An edge location is a data center that an AWS service uses to perform service-specific operations. Edge locations are examined in the next section of this module.
* AWS Outposts is a service that you can use to run AWS infrastructure, services, and tools in your own on-premises data center in a hybrid approach. AWS Outposts is explored later in this module.


**Question 2**

2. Which statement is TRUE for the AWS global infrastructure?
*  A. A Region consists of a single Availability Zone.
*  B. An Availability Zone consists of two or more Regions.
*  C. A Region consists of two or more Availability Zones.
*  D. An Availability Zone consists of a single Region.


**Answer**  C

**Explanation**
The correct response option is A Region consists of two or more Availability Zones.

For example, the South America (São Paulo) Region is sa-east-1. It includes three Availability Zones: sa-east-1a, sa-east-1b, and sa-east-1c.

**Question 3**

3. Which factors should be considered when selecting a Region? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Compliance with data governance and legal requirements
*  B. Proximity to your customers
*  C. Access to 24/7 technical support
*  D. Ability to assign custom permissions to different users
*  E. Access to the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**
The correct two response options are:

* Compliance with data governance and legal requirements
* Proximity to your customers
Two other factors to consider when selecting a Region are pricing and the services that are available in a Region.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* The level of support that you choose is not determined by Region. AWS Support plans are explored later in this course.
* Assigning custom permissions to different users is a feature that is possible in all AWS Regions.
* The AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) is available in all AWS Regions.

**Question 4**

4. Which statement best describes Amazon CloudFront?
*  A. A service that enables you to run infrastructure in a hybrid cloud approach
*  B. A serverless compute engine for containers
*  C. A service that enables you to send and receive messages between software components through a queue
*  D. A global content delivery service


**Answer**  D

**Explanation**

The correct response option is A global content delivery service.

Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery service. It uses a network of edge locations to cache content and deliver content to customers all over the world. When content is cached, it is stored locally as a copy. This content might be video files, photos, webpages, and so on.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* AWS Outposts is a service that enables you to run infrastructure in a hybrid cloud approach.
* AWS Fargate is a serverless compute engine for containers.
* Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) is a service that enables you to send, store, and receive messages between software components through a queue.

**Question 5**

5. Which site does Amazon CloudFront use to cache copies of content for faster delivery to users at any location?
*  A. Region
*  B. Availability Zone
*  C. Edge location
*  D. Origin


**Answer**  C

**Explanation**
The correct response option is Edge location.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* A Region is a separate geographical location with multiple locations that are isolated from each other.
* An Availability Zone is a fully isolated portion of the AWS global infrastructure.
* An origin is the server from which CloudFront gets your files. Examples of CloudFront origins include Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) buckets and web servers. Note: Amazon S3 is explored later in this course.

**Question 6**

6. Which action can you perform with AWS Outposts?
*  A. Automate actions for AWS services and applications through scripts.
*  B. Access wizards and automated workflows to perform tasks in AWS services.
*  C. Develop AWS applications in supported programming languages.
*  D. Extend AWS infrastructure and services to your on-premises data center.


**Answer**  C

**Explanation**
The correct response option is Extend AWS infrastructure and services to your on-premises data center.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* The AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) is used to automate actions for AWS services and applications through scripts.
* The AWS Management Console includes wizards and workflows that you can use to complete tasks in AWS services.
* Software development kits (SDKs) enable you to develop AWS applications in supported programming languages.