
# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Monitoring and Analytics

**Question 1**

1. Which tasks can you perform using AWS CloudTrail? (Select TWO.)
* A. Monitor your AWS infrastructure and resources in real time
* B. Track user activities and API requests throughout your AWS infrastructure
* C. View metrics and graphs to monitor the performance of resources
* D. Filter logs to assist with operational analysis and troubleshooting
* E. Configure automatic actions and alerts in response to metrics

**Answer**  B, D

**Explanation**
The correct two response options are:

* Track user activities and API requests throughout your AWS infrastructure
* Filter logs to assist with operational analysis and troubleshooting
The other response options are tasks that you can perform in Amazon CloudWatch.

**Question 2**

2. Which actions can you perform using Amazon CloudWatch? (Select TWO.)
* A. Monitor your resources’ utilization and performance
* B. Receive real-time guidance for improving your AWS environment
* C. Compare your infrastructure to AWS best practices in five categories
* D. Access metrics from a single dashboard
* E. Automatically detect unusual account activity

**Answer**  A, D

**Explanation**
The two correct response options are:

* Monitor your resources’ utilization and performance
* Access metrics from a single dashboard
The other response options are incorrect because:

* Receiving real-time recommendations for improving your AWS environment can be performed by AWS Trusted Advisor.
* Comparing your infrastructure to AWS best practices in five categories can be performed by AWS Trusted Advisor.
* Automatically detecting unusual account activity can be performed by AWS CloudTrail.


**Question 3**

3. Which service enables you to review the security of your Amazon S3 buckets by checking for open access permissions?
* A. Amazon CloudWatch
* B. AWS CloudTrail
* C. AWS Trusted Advisor
* D. Amazon GuardDuty


**Answer**  C

**Explanation**
The correct response option is AWS Trusted Advisor.

AWS Trusted Advisor is a web service that inspects your AWS environment and provides real-time recommendations in accordance with AWS best practices. The inspection includes security checks, such as Amazon S3 buckets with open access permissions.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* Amazon CloudWatch is a web service that enables you to monitor and manage various metrics for the resources that run your applications.
* AWS CloudTrail is a web service that enables you to review details for user activities and API calls that have occurred within your AWS environment.
* Amazon GuardDuty is a service that provides intelligent threat detection for your AWS environment and resources. It identifies threats by continuously monitoring the network activity and account behavior within your AWS environment.

**Question 4**

4. Which categories are included in the AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard? (Select TWO.)
* A. Reliability
* B. Performance
* C. Scalability
* D. Elasticity
* E. Fault tolerance


**Answer**  B, E

**Explanation**
The two correct response options are:

* Performance
* Fault tolerance
AWS Trusted Advisor continuously inspects your AWS environment and provides best practice recommendations across five categories: cost optimization, performance, security, fault tolerance, and service limits.


