
# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials - Module 09

**Question 1**

1. Which Perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework helps you design, implement, and optimize your AWS infrastructure based on your business goals and perspectives?
* A. Business Perspective
* B. Platform Perspective
* C. Operations Perspective
* D. People Perspective


**Answer**  B

**Explanation**
The Platform Perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework also includes principles for implementing new solutions and migrating on-premises workloads to the cloud.

The other response options are incorrect because:
* The Business Perspective helps you to move from a model that separates business and IT strategies into a business model that integrates IT strategy.
* The Operations Perspective focuses on operating and recovering IT workloads to meet the requirements of your business stakeholders.
* The People Perspective helps Human Resources (HR) employees prepare their teams for cloud adoption by updating organizational processes and staff skills to include cloud-based competencies.

**Question 2**

2. Which migration strategy involves moving to a different product?
* A. Refactoring
* B. Retiring
* C. Replatforming
* D. Repurchasing


**Answer**  D

**Explanation**
The correct response option is Repurchasing.
Repurchasing involves replacing an existing application with a cloud-based version, such as software found in AWS Marketplace.

The other response options are incorrect because:
* Refactoring involves changing how an application is architected and developed, typically by using cloud-native features.
* Retiring involves removing an application that is no longer used or that can be turned off.
* Replatforming involves selectively optimizing aspects of an application to achieve benefits in the cloud without changing the core architecture of the application. It is also known as “lift, tinker, and shift.”


**Question 3**

3. What is the storage capacity of Snowball Edge Storage Optimized?
* A. 40 TB
* B. 60 TB
* C. 80 TB
* D. 100 TB


**Answer**  C

**Explanation**
The correct response option is 80 TB.

Snowball Edge Storage Optimized is a device that enables you to transfer large amounts of data into and out of AWS. It provides 80 TB of usable HDD storage.


**Question 4**

4. Which service enables you to quickly build, train, and deploy machine learning models?
* A. Amazon Textract
* B. Amazon Lex
* C. AWS DeepRacer
* D. Amazon SageMaker


**Answer**  D

**Explanation**
The correct response option is Amazon SageMaker.

With Amazon SageMaker, you can quickly and easily begin working on machine learning projects. You do not need to follow the traditional process of manually bringing together separate tools and workflows.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* Amazon Textract is a machine learning service that automatically extracts text and data from scanned documents.
* Amazon Lex is a service that enables you to build conversational interfaces using voice and text.
* AWS DeepRacer is an autonomous 1/18 scale race car that you can use to test reinforcement learning models.

**Question 5**

5. Which Perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework helps you structure the selection and implementation of permissions?
* A. Governance Perspective
* B. Security Perspective
* C. Operations Perspective
* D. Business Perspective


**Answer**  B

**Explanation**
The correct response option is Security Perspective.

The Security Perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework also helps you to identify areas on non-compliance and plan ongoing security initiatives.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* The Governance Perspective helps you to identify and implement best practices for IT governance and support business processes with technology.
* The Operations Perspective focuses on operating and recovering IT workloads to meet the requirements of your business stakeholders.
* The Business Perspective helps you to move from a model that separates business and IT strategies into a business model that integrates IT strategy.

**Question 6**

6. Which strategies are included in the six strategies for application migration? (Select TWO.)
* A. Revisiting
* B. Retaining
* C. Remembering
* D. Redeveloping
* E. Rehosting


**Answer**  B, E

**Explanation**
The two correct response options are:
* Retaining
* Rehosting

The application migration strategies are rehosting, replatforming, refactoring/re-architecting, repurchasing, retaining, and retiring.

**Question 7**

7. What is the storage capacity of AWS Snowmobile?
* A. 40 PB
* B. 60 PB
* C. 80 PB
* D. 100 PB



**Answer**  D

**Explanation**
The correct response option is 100 PB.
AWS Snowmobile is a service that is used for transferring up to 100 PB of data to AWS. Each Snowmobile is a 45-foot long shipping container that is pulled by a semi trailer truck.

**Question 8**

8. Which statement best describes Amazon Lex?
* A. A service that enables you to build conversational interfaces using voice and text
* B. A machine learning service that automatically extracts text and data from scanned documents
* C. A document database service that supports MongoDB workloads
* D. A service that enables you to identify potentially fraudulent online activities

**Answer**  A

**Explanation**
The correct response option is Amazon Lex.
In Amazon Lex, you can quickly build, test, and deploy conversational chatbots to use in your applications.

The other response options are incorrect because:
* A machine learning service that automatically extracts text and data from scanned document describes Amazon Textract.
* A document database service that supports MongoDB workloads describes Amazon DocumentDB.
* A service that enables you to identify potentially fraudulent online activities describes Amazon Fraud Detector.

