
# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials - Module 10

**Question 1**

1. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on the ability of a workload to consistently and correctly perform its intended functions?
* A. Operational Excellence
* B. Performance Efficiency
* C. Security
* D. Reliability


**Answer**  D

**Explanation**
The correct response option is Reliability.
The other response options are incorrect because:

* The Operational Excellence pillar includes the ability to run workloads effectively, gain insights into their operations, and continuously improve supporting processes to deliver business value.
* The Performance Efficiency pillar focuses on using computing resources efficiently to meet system requirements, and to maintain that efficiency as demand changes and technologies evolve.
* The Security pillar includes protecting data, systems, and assets, and using cloud technologies to improve the security of your workloads.

**Question 2**

2. Which process is an example of benefiting from massive economies of scale?
* A. Deploying an application in multiple Regions around the world
* B. Receiving lower pay-as-you-go prices as the result of AWS customers’ aggregated usage of services
* C. Paying for compute time as you use it instead of investing upfront costs in data centers
* D. Scaling your infrastructure capacity in and out to meet demand


**Answer**  B

**Explanation**
The correct response option is: Receiving lower pay-as-you-go prices as the result of AWS customers’ aggregated usage of services.

Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers is aggregated in the cloud, providers such as AWS can achieve higher economies of scale. The economies of scale translate into lower pay-as-you-go prices.

The other response options are incorrect because:

* Deploying an application in multiple Regions around the world: This process is an example of Go global in minutes.
* Paying for compute time as you use it instead of investing upfront costs in data centers: This process is an example of Trade upfront expense for variable expense.
* Scaling your infrastructure capacity in and out to meet demand: This process is an example of Stop guessing capacity.

**Question 3**

3. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework includes the ability to run workloads effectively and gain insights into their operations?
* A. Cost Optimization
* B. Operational Excellence
* C. Performance Efficiency
* D. Reliability


**Answer**  B

**Explanation**
The other response options are incorrect because:

* The Cost Optimization pillar focuses on the ability to run systems to deliver business value at the lowest price point.
* The Performance Efficiency pillar focuses on using computing resources efficiently to meet system requirements and to maintain that efficiency as demand changes and technologies evolve.
* The Reliability pillar focuses on the ability of a workload to consistently and correctly perform its intended functions.

**Question 4**

4. What are the benefits of cloud computing? (Select TWO.)
* A. Increase speed and agility.
* B. Benefit from smaller economies of scale.
* C. Maintain infrastructure capacity.
* D. Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers.


**Answer**  A, D

**Explanation**
The two correct response options are:

* Increase speed and agility.
* Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers.

The six advantages of cloud computing are:

* Trade upfront expense for variable expense.
* Benefit from massive economies of scale.
* Stop guessing capacity.
* Increase speed and agility.
* Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers.
* Go global in minutes.