# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Understanding Your AWS Account


**Card**  
What can you do under Free Tier usage?

**Answer**
* You’re allowed to run a t2.micro Elastic Cloud Compute (EC2) instance—powered by either Linux or Windows—for up to 750 hours per month.
* You can effectively keep a low-demand website;
* You can consume up to 750 Free Tier EC2 hours running more than one instance, As long as the total monthly hours of run time don’t exceed 750, your credit card won’t be billed.
* You can store up to 5 GB of data within Simple Storage Service (S3) buckets.
* You’ll be billed for the excess amount at normal AWS billing rates.


**Card**  
How can you monitor your usage of Free Tier limits?

**Answer**
* Free Tier-related email alerts automatically sent whenever account activity approaches or has passed Free Tier limits.
* You must set your email address in the Billing Dashboard, Bill Preferences menu item.
* Open the Tracking tool AWS Billing > AWS Free Tier page to see current usage of each service.


**Card**  
What services are available under 12 Month Free Tier?

**Answer**
* Amazon EC2 - 750hrs;	
* 30 GB of either magnetic or solid-state drive (SSD) volumes from Amazon Elastic Block Storage (EBS).
* Amazon S3 - 5GB;	
* Amazon EFS - 5GB;
* Amazon ECR - 500MB;
* Amazon RDS - 750hrs;
* Amazon MQ - 750hrs;
* Amazon API Gateway - 1million/month;	
* Amazon ELB - 750hrs;
* Amazon CloudFront - 50GB of outbound data transfers and 2 million HTTP or HTTPS requests;

**Card**  
What services are permanently Free Services?

**Answer**
* 10 custom monitoring metrics and 10 alarms on Amazon CloudWatch active at any given time.
* 10 GB of data retrievals from Amazon Glacier per month. Glacier is a low-cost storage service that’s ideal for long-term storage where you’re not likely to require quick access to your data.
* 62,000 outbound email messages per month using Amazon Simple Email Service (SES).
* One million requests and 3.2 million seconds of compute time for AWS Lambda functions.

**Card**  
What is the region and kind of member account that doesn't apply AWS Free Tier benefits?

**Answer**
AWS Free Tier benefits do not apply to resources launched in the GovCloud (US) region or through an AWS Organizations member account.

**Card**  
How can you quickly get accurate pricing information for each AWS services?


**Answer**
* Finding AWS Pricing Documentation;
* Use Simple Monthly Calculator to help you understand what running any combination of AWS resources will cost you;
* Use Total Cost of Ownership Calculator to closely compare what you're currently paying for on premises servers with what the same workload would cost on AWS.

**Card**  
What capital infrastructure expenses TCO Calculator includes in your estimates?

**Answer**
* the amortized costs of servers,
* networking hardware,
*  electricity,
*  cooling,
*  and maintenance,
*  as well as the costs of an AWS business support plan.

**Card**  
What are Service Limits?

**Answer**
* AWS imposes limits on the scope of resources you can use.
* You’re allowed to run only 20 on-demand and 20 reserved instances of the EC2 m5.large instance type at any one time within a single AWS Region.
* it can also protect customers from having automated processes accidentally (or maliciously) launch resources that generate unsustainable costs.
* This would seem to reflect Amazon’s desire to ensure that all classes of resources should be reliably available to meet new demand and not all held by a few large customers.

**Card**  
What are some features of AWS Billing Dashboard?

**Answer**
* The main Billing & Cost Management Dashboard contains a helpful visual Spend Summary that displays your costs from the previous and current months so far, along with a forecast of the costs you’ll likely face through the end of the month.
* The Billing Dashboard also includes links to pages where you can set payment methods and enter your organization’s tax information.
* The Payment History link provides records of your previous transactions.

**Card**  
What are some features of AWS Budgets?

**Answer**
* An AWS budget is a tool for tracking a specified set of events so that when a preset threshold is approached or passed, an alert—perhaps an email—is triggered.


**Card**  
What are the types of AWS Budgets?

**Answer**
* Cost budget to monitor costs being incurred against your account;
* Usage budget to track particular categories of resource consumption;
* Reservation budget to help you understand the status of any active EC2, RDS, Redshift, or Elasticache reserve instances you might have.

**Card**  
How monitor cost in AWS?

**Answer**
* Using Cost Explorer
* Cost and Usage Reports


**Card**  
How works Cost Explorer?

**Answer**
* Lets you build graphs to visualize your account’s historical and current costs.
* you can select one of the preconfigured views provided by the service (including spending over the most recent three months by service).
* you can launch the Cost Explorer tool to open a heavily customizable view that lets you filter account cost events by date, region, Availability Zone, instance type, platform (Linux, Windows, and so on), and others.
* CSV-formatted files can be downloaded.

**Card**  
How works Cost and Usage Reports?

**Answer**
* You can configure reports to be created that include the full range of activity on your account, including what resources you have running and how much they’re costing you.
* You can control for the level of detail and enable support for Redshift and/or Amazon QuickSight (a managed, pay-per-user business intelligence tool) to handle the visualization and analysis of what can become significant volumes of data.
* The reports, once generated at preset intervals, are compressed, saved using the CSV format, and sent to an S3 bucket you’ve already created;
* it’s up to you to configure Redshift or QuickSight to access and process the data as it’s generated.

**Card**  
What are Cost Allocation Tags?

**Answer**
* Tags are metadata identification elements representing a resource and its actions.
* Tags can be used to organize and track your resources, allowing you to visualize and better understand how resources are being used.


**Card**  
What are the types of Cost Allocation Tags?

**Answer**
* Resource tags are often used in busy accounts to help administrators quickly identify the purpose and owner of a particular running resource. 
* Cost allocation tags are only meant to interact with billing tools and won’t show up in the context of any other AWS resource or process. Like resource tags, cost allocation tags help you efficiently identify your resources, but only for the purpose of tracking your account spending.
* There are AWS-generated cost allocation tags, and user-defined cost allocation tags;

**Card**  
What are AWS Organizations?

**Answer**
* AWS Organizations allows you to centralize the administration of multiple AWS accounts owned or controlled by a single company, consolidating billing.
* Just remember that, once accounts are linked, maintaining a secure profile and following best practices becomes even more critical than for stand-alone accounts.
* After all, a security breach of any one linked account runs the risk of spreading the vulnerability to everything running in any of your accounts.

