# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam


## Securing Your AWS Resources

**Card**  
How protect the Root User?

**Answer**
* The recommended best practice is, therefore, to protect the root user by creating a complex password and implementing multifactor authentication;
* for most administration activities, use IAM users instead;


**Card**  
How authentication is done in programmatic or command-line access?

**Answer**
In the case of programmatic or command-line access, you’ll need a set of access keys.


**Card**  
How authentication is done opening a remote login session into Linux instance on EC2?

**Answer**
Opening a remote login session to a Linux instance on Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) will require a valid key pair.

**Card**  
How can you configure a password policy from Account Settings?

**Answer**
* Minimum password length;
* Require at least one uppercase letter;
* Require at least one lowercase letter;
* Require at least one number;
* Require at least non-alphanumeric character;
* Allow users to change their own password;
* Enable password expiration;
* Prevent password reuse;
* Password expiration requires administrator reset.


**Card**  
What difference between IAM Users, IAM Groups and IAM Roles?

**Answer**
* You create an IAM User when you want set a specific access permission ou attach him to IAM Group that has a set of permissions.
* IAM Roles are, for the most part, used by applications and services rather than people.


**Card**  
How Providing Federated Access?
**Answer**
* Federation expands the available tools for managing authentication beyond the simple IAM options you’ve already seen.
* You can integrate third-party standards like the Security Assertion Markup Language 2.0 (SAML) or Microsoft’s Active Directory into your infrastructure.
* fFederated access to AWS resources can be handled through the AWS Single Sign-On service.
* For Active Directory integration with cloud-based MS SharePoint, .NET, and SQL Server– based workloads, you would use the AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory (more commonly known as AWS Microsoft AD).

**Card**  
What are Credential Report?

**Answer**
Accessed from the IAM Dashboard, a credential report displays a simple interface with no more (or less) than one lonely button: Download Report.
Reports contain important information about the state of your account security, listing all current IAM users and giving you key intelligence, such as when each of them last logged in, whether they have MFA enabled, whether they have active access keys, and when those keys were last rotated.

**Card**  
Can you encrypt EBS volumes after has been created ?

**Answer**
No. Elastic Block Store (EBS) volumes that you attach to EC2 instances can also be encrypted when you create them.

**Card**  
Can you encrypt S3 storage after has been created ?

**Answer**
Yes. You can have S3 encrypt the objects of a bucket at any time—during or after bucket creation.

**Card**  
What service can you use to encrypt S3 storage ?

**Answer**
You can select either S3-managed server-side encryption keys (SSE-S3) or KMS-managed keys (SSE-KMS).


**Card**  
How can you encrypt data before uploading it to S3?

**Answer**
You’ll need to encrypt your data before uploading it to S3 using either a KMS-managed customer master key or a clientside master key.


**Card**  
What is AWS Artifact?

**Answer**
* AWS Artifact provides access to official documentation on the compliance of AWS infrastructure relating to any one of dozens of government or industry security standards.
* There are national documents like the U.S. government’s Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP), the Government of Canada (GC) Partner Package, and the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA) “Management of Security Risk in Information and Information Technology” workbook.
* You’ll also find industry standards like the PCI DSS Attestation of Compliance (AOC) and Responsibility Summary for handling credit card transaction data.
* You’ll also find official reports of Service Organization Controls (SOC) 1, 2, and 3 audits of AWS infrastructure.

