# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Getting Support on AWS

### Questions

1. Your company is planning a major deployment on AWS. While the design and testing stages
   are still in progress, which of the following plans will provide the best blend of support and
   cost savings?
   A. Basic
   B. Developer
   C. Business
   D. Enterprise
2. Your web development team is actively gearing up for a deployment of an ecommerce site.
   During these early stages of the process, individual developers are running into frustrating
   conflicts and configuration problems that are highly specific to your situation. Which of the
   following plans will provide the best blend of support and cost savings?
   A. Basic
   B. Developer
   C. Business
   D. Enterprise
3. Your corporate website was offline last week for more than two hours—which caused
   serious consequences, including the early retirement of your CTO. Your engineers have
   been having a lot of trouble tracking down the source of the outage and admit that they
   need outside help. Which of the following will most likely meet that need?
   A. Basic
   B. Developer
   C. Business
   D. Enterprise
4. For which of the following will AWS provide direct 24/7 support to all users—even those
   on the Basic Support plan?
   A. Help with infrastructure under a massive denial-of-service (DoS) attack
   B. Help with failed and unavailable infrastructure
   C. Help with making a bill payment to AWS
   D. Help with accessing your infrastructure via the AWS CLI
5. The primary purpose of an AWS technical account manager is to:
   A. Provide 24/7 customer service for your AWS account
   B. Provide deployment guidance and advocacy for Enterprise Support customers
   C. Provide deployment guidance and advocacy for Business Support customers
   D. Provide strategic cost estimates for Enterprise Support customers
6. Your Linux-based EC2 instance requires a patch to a Linux kernel module. The problem
   is that patching the module will, for some reason, break the connection between your
   instance and data in an S3 bucket. Your team doesn’t know if it’s possible to work
   around this problem. Which is the most cost-effective AWS plan through which support
   professionals will try to help you?
   A. Developer.
   B. Business.
   C. Enterprise.
   D. No plan covers this kind of support.
7. Your company enrolled in the Developer Support plan and, through the course of one
   month, consumed $4,000 USD of AWS services. How much will the support plan cost the
   company for the month?
   A. $120
   B. $29
   C. $100
   D. $480
8. Your company enrolled in the Business Support plan and, through the course of three
   months, consumed $33,000 of AWS services (the consumption was equally divided
   across the months). How much will the support plan cost the company for the full
   three months?
   A. $4,000
   B. $100
   C. $1,100
   D. $2,310
9. Which of the following AWS support services does not offer free documentation of
   some sort?
   A. AWS Professional Services
   B. The Basic Support plan
   C. AWS Partner Network
   D. The Knowledge Center
10. What is the key difference between the roles of AWS Professional Services and a technical
    account manager (TAM)?
    A. The Professional Services product helps AWS Partner Network cloud professionals
    work alongside your own team to help you administrate your cloud infrastructure. The
    TAM is a cloud professional employed by AWS to guide you through the planning and
    execution of your infrastructure.
    B. The TAM is a cloud professional employed by AWS to guide you through the planning
    and execution of your infrastructure. The Professional Services product provides cloud
    professionals to work alongside your own team to help you administrate your cloud
    infrastructure.
    C. The TAM is a member of your team designated as the point person for all AWS
    projects. The Professional Services product provides consultants to work alongside
    your own team to help you administrate your cloud infrastructure.
    D. The Professional Services product is a network appliance that AWS installs in your
    data center to test cloud-bound workloads for compliance with best practices. The
    TAM is a cloud professional employed by AWS to guide you through the planning and
    execution of your infrastructure.
11. AWS documentation is available in a number of formats, including which of the following?
    (Select TWO.)
    A. Microsoft Word (DOC)
    B. Kindle
    C. HTML
    D. DocBook
12. Which of the following documentation sites are most likely to contain code snippets for you
    to cut and (after making sure you understand exactly what they’ll do) paste into your AWS
    operations? (Select TWO.)
    A. https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center
    B. https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/compare-plans
    C. https://docs.aws.amazon.com
    D. https://aws.amazon.com/professional-services
13. What is the primary function of the content linked from the Knowledge Center?
    A. To introduce new users to the functionality of the core AWS services
    B. To explain how AWS deployments can be more efficient and secure than on-premises
    C. To provide a public forum where AWS users can ask their technical questions
    D. To present solutions to commonly encountered technical problems using AWS
    infrastructure
14. On which of the following sites are you most likely to find information about encrypting
    your AWS resources?
    A. https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center
    B. https://aws.amazon.com/security/security-resources
    C. https://docs.aws.amazon.com
    D. https://aws.amazon.com/security/encryption
15. When using AWS documentation pages, what is the best way to be sure the information
    you’re reading is up-to-date?
    A. The page URL will include the word latest.
    B. The page URL will include the version number (i.e., 3.2).
    C. The page will have the word Current at the top right.
    D. There is no easy way to tell.
16. Which of the following is not a Trusted Advisor category?
    A. Performance
    B. Service Limits
    C. Replication
    D. Fault Tolerance
17. “Data volumes that aren’t properly backed up” is an example of which of these Trusted
    Advisor categories?
    A. Fault Tolerance
    B. Performance
    C. Security
    D. Cost Optimization
18. Instances that are running (mostly) idle should be identified by which of these Trusted
    Advisor categories?
    A. Performance
    B. Cost Optimization
    C. Service Limits
    D. Replication
19. Within the context of Trusted Advisor, what is a false positive?
    A. An alert for a service state that was actually intentional
    B. A green OK icon for a service state that is failed or failing
    C. A single status icon indicating that your account is completely compliant
    D. Textual indication of a failed state
20. Which of the following Trusted Advisor alerts is available only for accounts on the Business
    or Enterprise Support plan? (Select TWO.)
    A. MFA on Root Account
    B. Load Balancer Optimization
    C. Service Limits
    D. IAM Access Key Rotation

### Answers

1. C. The Basic plan won’t provide any personalized support. The Developer plan is cheaper,
   but there is limited access to support professionals. The Business plan does offer 24/7 email,
   chat, and phone access to an engineer, so until you actually deploy, this will make the most
   sense. At a $15,000 monthly minimum, the Enterprise plan won’t be cost effective.
2. B. Using the public documentation available through the Basic plan won’t be enough to
   address your specific needs. The Business and Enterprise plans are not necessary as you
   don’t yet have production deployments.
3. D. The lower three support tiers provide limited access to only lower-level support
   professionals, while the Enterprise plan provides full access to senior engineers and
   dedicates a technical account manager (TAM) as your resource for all your AWS needs.
4. C. Basic plan customers are given customer support access only for account management
   issues and not for technical support or security breaches.
5. B. The TAM is available only for Enterprise Support customers. The primary function is
   one of guidance and advocacy.
6. B. Only the Business and Enterprise plans include help with troubleshooting
   interoperability between AWS resources and third-party software and operating systems.
   The Business plan is the least expensive that will get you this level of support.
7. A. The Developer plan costs the greater of $29 or 3 percent of the monthly usage. In this
   case, 3 percent of the month’s usage is $120.
8. D. The Business plan—when monthly consumption falls between $10,000 and $80,000—
   costs the greater of $100 or 7 percent of the monthly usage. In this case, 7 percent of a
   single month’s usage ($11,000) is $770. The three month total would, therefore, be $2,310.
9. C. The AWS Professional Services site includes tech talk webinars, white papers, and blog
   posts. The Basic Support plan includes AWS documentation resources. The Knowledge
   Center consists of FAQ documentation.
10. A. The TAM is an AWS employee dedicated to guiding your developer and admin teams.
    There is no such thing as a network appliance for workload testing.
11. B, C. Although DOC and DocBook are both popular and useful formats, neither is used by
    AWS for its documentation.
12. A, C. The compare-plans page provides general information about support plans, and the
    professional-services site describes accessing that particular resource. Neither directly
    includes technical guides.
13. D. The Knowledge Center is a FAQ for technical problems and their solutions. The main
    documentation site is much better suited to introduction-level guides. The https://
    forums.aws.amazon.com site is the discussion forum for AWS users.
14. B. The Knowledge Center is a general FAQ for technical problems and their solutions.
    The docs.aws.amazon.com site is for general documentation. There is no https://aws
    .amazon.com/security/encryption page.
15. A. Version numbers are not publicly available, and the word Current isn’t used in this context.
16. C. Replication is, effectively, a subset of Fault Tolerance and therefore would not require its
    own category.
17. A. Performance identifies configuration settings that might be blocking performance
    improvements. Security identifies any failures to use security best-practice configurations.
    Cost Optimization identifies any resources that are running and unnecessarily costing
    you money.
18. B. Performance identifies configuration settings that might be blocking performance
    improvements. Service Limits identifies resource usage that’s approaching AWS Region or
    service limits. There is no Replication category.
19. A. An OK status for a failed state is a false negative. There is no single status icon
    indicating that your account is completely compliant in Trusted Advisor.
20. B, D. Both the MFA and Service Limits checks are available for all accounts.