# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Securing Your AWS Resources

### Questions
1. What is the primary function of the AWS IAM service?
   A. Identity and access management
   B. Access key management
   C. SSH key pair management
   D. Federated access management
2. Which of the following are requirements you can include in an IAM password policy?
   (Select THREE.)
   A. Require at least one uppercase letter.
   B. Require at least one number.
   C. Require at least one space or null character.
   D. Require at least one nonalphanumeric character.
3. Which of the following should you do to secure your AWS root user? (Select TWO.)
   A. Assign the root user to the “admins” IAM group.
   B. Use the root user for day-to-day administration tasks.
   C. Enable MFA.
   D. Create a strong password.
4. How does multi-factor authentication work?
   A. Instead of an access password, users authenticate via a physical MFA device.
   B. In addition to an access password, users also authenticate via a physical MFA device.
   C. Users authenticate using tokens sent to at least two MFA devices.
   D. Users authenticate using a password and also either a physical or virtual MFA device.
5. Which of the following SSH commands will successfully connect to an EC2 Amazon Linux
   instance with an IP address of 54.7.35.103 using a key named mykey.pem?
   A. echo "mykey.pem ubuntu@54.7.35.103" | ssh -i
   B. ssh -i mykey.pem ec2-user@54.7.35.103
   C. ssh -i mykey.pem@54.7.35.103
   D. ssh ec2-user@mykey.pem:54.7.35.103 -i
6. What’s the most efficient method for managing permissions for multiple IAM users?
   A. Assign users requiring similar permissions to IAM roles.
   B. Assign users requiring similar permissions to IAM groups.
   C. Assign IAM users permissions common to others with similar administration
   responsibilities.
   D. Create roles based on IAM policies, and assign them to IAM users.
7. What is an IAM role?
   A. A set of permissions allowing access to specified AWS resources
   B. A set of IAM users given permission to access specified AWS resources
   C. Permissions granted a trusted entity over specified AWS resources
   D. Permissions granted an IAM user over specified AWS resources
8. How can federated identities be incorporated into AWS workflows? (Select TWO.)
   A. You can provide users authenticated through a third-party identity provider access to
   backend resources used by your mobile app.
   B. You can use identities to guide your infrastructure design decisions.
   C. You can use authenticated identities to import external data (like email records from
   Gmail) into AWS databases.
   D. You can provide admins authenticated through AWS Microsoft AD with access to a
   Microsoft SharePoint farm running on AWS.
9. Which of the following are valid third-party federated identity standards? (Select TWO.)
   A. Secure Shell
   B. SSO
   C. SAML 2.0
   D. Active Directory
10. What information does the IAM credential report provide?
    A. A record of API requests against your account resources
    B. A record of failed password account login attempts
    C. The current state of your account security settings
    D. The current state of security of your IAM users’ access credentials
11. What text format does the credential report use?
    A. JSON
    B. CSV
    C. ASCII
    D. XML
12. Which of the following IAM policies is the best choice for the admin user you create in
    order to replace the root user for day-to-day administration tasks?
    A. AdministratorAccess
    B. AmazonS3FullAccess
    C. AmazonEC2FullAccess
    D. AdminAccess
13. What will you need to provide for a new IAM user you’re creating who will use “programmatic
    access” to AWS resources?
    A. A password
    B. A password and MFA
    C. An access key ID
    D. An access key ID and secret access key
14. What will IAM users with AWS Management Console access need to successfully log in?
    A. Their username, account_number, and a password
    B. Their username and password
    C. Their account number and secret access key
    D. Their username, password, and secret access key
15. Which of the following will encrypt your data while in transit between your office and
    Amazon S3?
    A. DynamoDB
    B. SSE-S3
    C. A client-side master key
    D. SSE-KMS
16. Which of the following AWS resources cannot be encrypted using KMS?
    A. Existing AWS Elastic Block Store volumes
    B. RDS databases
    C. S3 buckets
    D. DynamoDB databases
17. What does KMS use to encrypt objects stored on your AWS account?
    A. SSH master key
    B. KMS master key
    C. Client-side master key
    D. Customer master key
18. Which of the following standards governs AWS-based applications processing credit card
    transactions?
    A. SSE-KMS
    B. FedRAMP
    C. PCI DSS
    D. ARPA
19. What is the purpose of the Service Organization Controls (SOC) reports found on AWS
    Artifact?
    A. They can be used to help you design secure and reliable credit card transaction
    applications.
    B. They attest to AWS infrastructure compliance with data accountability standards like
    Sarbanes–Oxley.
    C. They guarantee that all AWS-based applications are, by default, compliant with
    Sarbanes–Oxley standards.
    D. They’re an official, ongoing risk-assessment profiler for AWS-based deployments.
20. What role can the documents provided by AWS Artifact play in your application planning?
    (Select TWO.)
    A. They can help you confirm that your deployment infrastructure is compliant with
    regulatory standards.
    B. They can provide insight into various regulatory and industry standards that represent
    best practices.
    C. They can provide insight into the networking and storage design patterns your AWS
    applications use.
    D. They represent AWS infrastructure design policy.

### Answers

1. A. Identity and Access Management (IAM) is primarily focused on helping you control
   access to your AWS resources. KMS handles access keys. EC2 manages SSH key pairs.
   While IAM does touch on federated management, that’s not its primary purpose.
2. A, B, D. Including a space or null character is not a password policy option.
3. C, D. The root user should not be used for day-to-day admin tasks—even as part of an
   “admin” group. The goal is to protect root as much as possible.
4. D. MFA requires at least two (“multi”) authentication methods. Those will normally
   include a password (something you know) and a token sent to either a virtual or physical
   MFA device (something you have).
5. B. The -i argument should point to the name (and location) of the key stored on the
   local (client) machine. By default, the admin user on an Amazon Linux instance is named
   ec2-user.
6. B. While assigning permissions and policy-based roles will work, it’s not nearly as efficient
   as using groups, where you need to set or update permissions only once for multiple users.
7. C. An IAM role is meant to be assigned to a trusted entity (like another AWS service or a
   federated identity). A “set of permissions” could refer to a policy. A set of IAM users could
   describe a group.
8. A, D. Federated identities are for permitting authenticated entities access to AWS resources
   and data. They’re not for importing anything from external accounts—neither data nor
   guidance.
9. C, D. Secure Shell (SSH) is an encrypted remote connectivity protocol, and SSO (single
   sign-on) is an interface feature—neither is a standard for federated identities.
10. D. The credential report focuses only on your users’ passwords, access keys, and MFA
    status. It doesn’t cover actual activities or general security settings.
11. B. The credential report is saved to the comma-separated values (spreadsheet) format.
12. A. Your admin user will need broad access to be effective, so AmazonS3FullAccess and
    AmazonEC2FullAccess—which open up only S3 and EC2, respectively—won’t be enough.
    There is no AdminAccess policy.
13. D. “Programmatic access” users don’t sign in through the AWS Management Console; they
    access through APIs or the AWS CLI. They would therefore not need passwords or MFA.
    An access key ID alone without a matching secret access key is worthless.
14. B. When the correct login page (such as https://291976716973.signin.aws.amazon
    .com/console) is loaded, an IAM user only needs to enter a username and a valid password.
    Account numbers and secret access keys are not used for this kind of authentication.
15. C. In-transit encryption requires that the data be encrypted on the remote client before
    uploading. Server-side encryption (either SSE-S3 or SSE-KMS) only encrypts data within S3
    buckets. DynamoDB is a NoSQL database service.
16. A. You can only encrypt an EBS volume at creation, not later.
17. D. A client-side master key is used to encrypt objects before they reach AWS (specifically S3).
    There are no keys commonly known as either SSH or KMS master keys.
18. C. SSE-KMS are KMS-managed server-side keys. FedRAMP is the U.S. government’s
    Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (within which transaction
    data protection plays only a relatively minor role). ARPA is the Australian Prudential
    Regulation Authority.
19. B. SOC isn’t primarily about guidance or risk assessment, and it’s definitely not a
    guarantee of the state of your own deployments. SOC reports are reports of audits on AWS
    infrastructure that you can use as part of your own reporting requirements
20. A, B. AWS Artifact documents are about AWS infrastructure compliance with external
    standards. They tangentially can also provide insight into best practices. They do not
    represent internal AWS design or policies.