# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Working with Your AWS Resources

**Question 1**

1. Which of the following credentials can you use to log into the AWS Management Console?
*  A. Access key ID
*  B. Account alias
*  C. Account ID
*  D. Identity and Access Management (IAM) username

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
You can sign in as the root user or as an IAM user. Although you need to specify the
account alias or account ID to log in as an IAM user, those are not credentials. You can’t
log in to the console using an access key ID.


**Question 2**

2. How long will your session with the AWS Management Console remain active?
*  A. 6 hours
*  B. 12 hours
*  C. 8 hours
*  D. 24 hours
*  E. 15 minutes

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Once you’re logged in, your session will remain active for 12 hours. After that, it’ll
expire and log you out to protect your account.


**Question 3**

3. While looking at the EC2 service console in the AWS Management Console while logged in
   as the root user, you notice all of your instances are missing. What could be the reason?
*  A. You’ve selected the wrong region in the navigation bar.
*  B. You don’t have view access.
*  C. You’ve selected the wrong Availability Zone in the navigation bar.
*  D. You don’t have an access key.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
If a resource that should be visible appears to be missing, you may have the wrong
Region selected. Since you’re logged in as the root, you have view access to all resources
in your account. You don’t need an access key to use the console. You can’t select an
Availability Zone in the navigation bar.


**Question 4**

4. Which of the following is true regarding a resource tag?
*  A. It must be unique within an account.
*  B. It’s case insensitive.
*  C. It must have a key.
*  D. It must have a value.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Each resource tag you create must have a key, but a value is optional. Tags don’t have to
be unique within an account, and they are case-sensitive.


**Question 5**

5. Which of the following is required to use the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)?
*  A. A secret key
*  B. An IAM user
*  C. Outbound network access to TCP port 80
*  D. Linux

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The AWS CLI requires an access key ID and secret key. You can use those of an IAM
user or the root user. Outbound network access to TCP port 443 is required, not port 80.
Linux is also not required, although you can use the AWS CLI with Linux, macOS, or
Windows. You also can use the AWS Console Mobile Application with Android or iOS
devices.


**Question 6**

6. Which of the following are options for installing the AWS CLI on Windows 10?
   (Select TWO.)
*  A. The MSI installer
*  B. An AWS software development kit (SDK)
*  C. The Yum or Aptitude package manager
*  D. Using Python and pip

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
You can use Python and the pip package manager or (with the exception of Windows
Server 2008) the MSI installer to install the AWS CLI on Windows. AWS SDKs don’t
include the AWS CLI. Yum and Aptitude are package managers for Linux only.


**Question 7**

7. After installing the AWS Command Line Interface, what should you do before using it to
   securely manage your AWS resources?
*  A. Issue the aws --version command.
*  B. Issue the aws configure command.
*  C. Reboot.
*  D. Generate a new access key ID and secret access key for the root user.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The aws configure command walks you through setting up the AWS CLI to specify
the default Region you want to use as well as your access key ID and secret key. The
aws --version command displays the version of the AWS CLI installed, but running this
command isn’t necessary to use the AWS CLI to manage your resources. Rebooting is also
not necessary. Using your root user to manage your AWS resources is insecure, so there’s no
need to generate a new access key ID for your root user.


**Question 8**

8. Which output format does the AWS CLI support?
*  A. Tab-separated values (TSV)
*  B. Comma-separated values (CSV)
*  C. JavaScript object notation (JSON)
*  D. None of these

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
The AWS CLI can display output in JSON, text, or table formats. It doesn’t support
CSV or TSV.


**Question 9**

9. Which of the following programming languages are AWS software development kits available
   for? (Select THREE.)
*  A. Fortran
*  B. JavaScript
*  C. JSON
*  D. Java
*  E. PHP

**Answer** B, D, E

**Explanation**  
AWS offers SDKs for JavaScript, Java, and PHP. There are no SDKs for Fortran.
JSON is a format for representing data, not a programming language.


**Question 10**

10. Which of the following software development kits (SDKs) enable developers to write mobile
    applications that run on both Apple and Android devices? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Mobile SDK for Unity
*  B. AWS Mobile SDK for .NET and Xamarin
*  C. AWS SDK for Go
*  D. AWS Mobile SDK for iOS

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
The AWS Mobile SDK for Unity and the AWS Mobile SDK for .NET and Xamarin
let you create mobile applications for both Android and Apple iOS devices. The AWS SDK
for Go doesn’t enable development of mobile applications for these devices. The AWS
Mobile SDK for iOS supports development of applications for Apple iOS devices but not
Android.


**Question 11**

11. Which of the following programming languages are AWS Internet of Things (IoT) device
    software development kits available for? (Select TWO.)
*  A. JavaScript
*  B. C++
*  C. Swift
*  D. Ruby

**Answer** There isn’t one available for Ruby or Swift

**Explanation**  



**Question 12**

12. What’s the difference between the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI) and the AWS software
    development kits (SDK)? (Select TWO.)
*  A. The AWS SDKs allow you to use popular programming languages to write applications
   that interact with AWS services.
*  B. The AWS CLI allows you to interact with AWS services from a terminal.
*  C. The AWS SDKs allow you to interact with AWS services from a terminal.
*  D. The AWS CLI allows you to use popular programming languages to write applications
   that interact with AWS services.

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
The AWS CLI is a program that runs on Linux, macOS, or Windows and allows you
to interact with AWS services from a terminal. The AWS SDKs let you use your favorite
programming language to write applications that interact with AWS services.


**Question 13**

13. Which of the following CloudWatch features store performance data from AWS services?
*  A. Logs
*  B. Metrics
*  C. Events
*  D. Metric filters
*  E. Alarms

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
CloudWatch metrics store performance data from AWS services. Logs store text-based
logs from applications and AWS services. Events are actions that occur against your AWS
resources. Alarms monitor metrics. Metric filters extract metric information from logs.


**Question 14**

14. For which of the following scenarios can you create a CloudWatch alarm to send a
    notification?
*  A. A metric that doesn’t change for 24 hours
*  B. Termination of an EC2 instance
*  C. The presence of a specific IP address in a web server log
*  D. A metric that exceeds a given threshold

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A CloudWatch alarm monitors a metric and triggers when that metric exceeds a
specified threshold. It will not trigger if the metric doesn’t change. Termination of an EC2
instance is an event, and you can’t create a CloudWatch alarm to trigger based on an event.
You also can’t create an alarm to trigger based on the presence of an IP address in a web
server log. But you could create a metric filter to look for a specific IP address in the log and
increment a custom metric when that IP address appears in the log.


**Question 15**

15. Which of the following Simple Notification Service (SNS) protocols can you use to send a
    notification? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Short Message Service (SMS) text message
*  B. CloudWatch Events
*  C. Simple Queue Service (SQS)
*  D. Mobile pull notification

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
SNS supports the SMS and SQS protocols for sending notifications. You can’t send a
notification to a CloudWatch event. There is no such thing as a mobile pull notification.


**Question 16**

16. Which of the following are true regarding CloudWatch Events? (Select TWO.)
*  A. It can reboot an EC2 instance when an error appears in a log file.
*  B. It can send an SNS notification when an EC2 instance’s CPU utilization exceeds 90%.
*  C. It can send an SNS notification when an IAM user logs in to the AWS Management
   Console.
*  D. It can shut down an EC2 instance at a specific time.

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**  
CloudWatch Events monitors events that cause changes in your AWS resources as
well as AWS Management Console sign-in events. In response to an event, CloudWatch
Events can take an action including sending an SNS notification or rebooting an EC2
instance. CloudWatch Events can also perform actions on a schedule. It doesn’t monitor
logs or metrics.


**Question 17**

17. Which of the following trigger an API action? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Configuring the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)
*  B. Viewing an S3 bucket from the AWS Management Console
*  C. Logging into the AWS Management Console
*  D. Listing IAM users from the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
Viewing an AWS resource triggers an API action regardless of whether it’s done using
the AWS Management Console or the AWS CLI. Configuring the AWS CLI doesn’t trigger
any API actions. Logging into the AWS Management Console doesn’t trigger an API action.


**Question 18**

18. What’s the most cost-effective way to view and search only the last 60 days of management
    API events on your AWS account?
*  A. Use CloudTrail event history.
*  B. Create a trail.
*  C. Stream CloudTrail logs to CloudWatch.
*  D. Use CloudWatch Events.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The CloudTrail event history log stores the last 90 days of management events for each
Region. Creating a trail is overkill and not as cost-effective since it would involve storing
logs in an S3 bucket. Streaming CloudTrail logs to CloudWatch would require creating a
trail. CloudWatch Events doesn’t log management events.


**Question 19**

19. You want to log every object downloaded from an S3 bucket in a specific region. You want
    to retain these logs indefinitely and search them easily. What’s the most cost-effective way
    to do this? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Stream CloudTrail logs to CloudWatch Logs.
*  B. Use CloudTrail event history.
*  C. Enable CloudTrail logging of global service events.
*  D. Create a trail to log S3 data events.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
Creating a trail in the Region where the bucket exists will generate CloudTrail logs,
which you can then stream to CloudWatch for viewing and searching. CloudTrail event
history doesn’t log data events. CloudTrail logs global service events by default, but S3 data
events are not included.


**Question 20**

20. What is a benefit of using CloudTrail log file integrity validation?
*  A. It lets you assert that no CloudTrail log files have been deleted from CloudWatch.
*  B. It lets you assert that no CloudTrail log files have been deleted from S3.
*  C. It prevents unauthorized users from deleting CloudTrail log files.
*  D. It tells you how a CloudTrail log file has been tampered with.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Log file integrity validation uses cryptographic hashing to help you assert that no
CloudTrail log files have been deleted from S3. It doesn’t prevent tampering or deletion and
can’t tell you how a file has been tampered with. Log file integrity validation has nothing to
do with CloudWatch.


**Question 21**

21. Which of the following Cost Explorer report types can show you the monthly costs for your
    reserved EC2 instances?
*  A. Reserved instance recommendations
*  B. Reserved Instances (RI) Coverage reports
*  C. Reserved Instances (RI) Utilization reports
*  D. Costs and usage reports

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The costs and usage reports show you your monthly spend by service. The reserved
instances reports and reserved instance recommendations don’t show actual monthly costs.


**Question 22**

22. Which of the following services allow you to purchase reserved instances to save money?
*  A. Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)
*  B. Lambda
*  C. S3
*  D. AWS Fargate

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
RDS lets you purchase reserved instances to save money. Lambda, S3, and Fargate don’t
use instances.


**Question 23**

23. Which Cost Explorer report shows the amount of money you’ve saved using reserved
    instances?
*  A. Daily costs
*  B. Reservation Utilization
*  C. Reservation Coverage
*  D. Monthly EC2 running hours costs and usage

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The reservation utilization report shows how much you have saved using reserved
instances. The reservation coverage report shows how much you could have potentially
saved had you purchased reserved instances. The daily costs and monthly EC2 running
hours costs and usage reports don’t know how much you’ve saved using reserved instances.


**Question 24**

24. You’ve been running several Elasticsearch instances continuously for the past three months.
    You check the reserved instance recommendations in Cost Explorer but see no recommendations.
    What could be a reason for this?
*  A. The recommendation parameters are based on the past seven days.
*  B. You haven’t selected the Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) service.
*  C. Cost Explorer doesn’t make reservation recommendations for Elasticsearch.
*  D. Your instances are already covered by reservations.
*  E. You haven’t selected the ElastiCache service.
*  F. A, B. AWS IoT device SDKs are available for C++, Python, Java, JavaScript, and Embedded

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Cost Explorer will make reservation recommendations for EC2, RDS, ElastiCache,
Redshift, and Elasticsearch instances. You need to select the service you want it to analyze
for recommendations. But Cost Explorer will not make recommendations for instances
that are already covered by reservations. Because your Elasticsearch instances have been
running continuously for at least the past seven days, that usage would be analyzed.