# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## The Core Compute Services

**Question 1**

1. What is the function of an EC2 AMI?
*  A. To define the hardware profile used by an EC2 instance
*  B. To serve as an instance storage volume for high-volume data processing operations
*  C. To serve as a source image from which an instance’s primary storage volume is built
*  D. To define the way data streams are managed by EC2 instances

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
An instance’s hardware profile is defined by the instance type. High-volume (or lowvolume)
data processing operations and data streams can be handled using any storage
volume or on any instance (although some may be better optimized than others).


**Question 2**

2. Where can you find a wide range of verified AMIs from both AWS and third-party vendors?
*  A. AWS Marketplace
*  B. Quick Start
*  C. Community AMIs
*  D. My AMIs

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The Quick Start includes only the few dozen most popular AMIs. The Community tab
includes thousands of publicly available AMIs—whether verified or not. The My AMIs tab
only includes AMIs created from your account.


**Question 3**

3. Which of the following could be included in an EC2 AMI? (Select TWO.)
*  A. A networking configuration
*  B. A software application stack
*  C. An operating system
*  D. An instance type definition

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
AMIs can be created that provide both a base operating system and a pre-installed
application. They would not, however, include any networking or hardware profile
information—those are largely determined by the instance type.


**Question 4**

4. Which of the following are EC2 instance type families? (Select TWO.)
*  A. c5d.18xlarge
*  B. Compute optimized
*  C. t2.micro
*  D. Accelerated computing

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
c5d.18xlarge and t2.micro are the names of EC2 instance types, not instance type
families.


**Question 5**

5. When describing EC2 instance types, what is the role played by the vCPU metric?
*  A. vCPUs represent an instance’s potential resilience against external network demands.
*  B. vCPUs represent an instance type’s system memory compared to the class of memory
   modules on a physical machine.
*  C. vCPUs represent an AMI’s processing power compared to the number of processors on
   a physical machine.
*  D. vCPUs represent an instance type’s compute power compared to the number of
   processors on a physical machine.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A virtual central processing unit (vCPU) is a metric that roughly measures an instance
type’s compute power in terms of the number of processors on a physical server. It has
nothing to do with resilience to high traffic, system memory, or the underlying AMI.


**Question 6**

6. Which of the following describes an EC2 dedicated instance?
*  A. An EC2 instance running on a physical host reserved for the exclusive use of a single
   AWS account
*  B. An EC2 instance running on a physical host reserved for and controlled by a single
   AWS account
*  C. An EC2 AMI that can be launched only on an instance within a single AWS account
*  D. An EC2 instance optimized for a particular compute role

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An EC2 instance that runs on a physical host reserved for and controlled by a single
AWS account is called a dedicated host. A dedicated host is not an AMI, nor is it an
instance type.


**Question 7**

7. Which of the following describes an EBS volume?
*  A. A software stack archive packaged to make it easy to copy and deploy to an EC2
   instance
*  B. A virtualized partition of a physical storage drive that’s directly connected to the EC2
   instance it’s associated with
*  C. A virtualized partition of a physical storage drive that’s not directly connected to the
   EC2 instance it’s associated with
*  D. A storage volume that’s encrypted for greater security

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
A virtualized partition of a physical storage drive that is directly connected to the EC2
instance it’s associated with is known as an instance store volume. A software stack archive
packaged to make it easy to copy and deploy to an EC2 instance describes an EC2 AMI. It’s
possible to encrypt EBS volumes, but encryption doesn’t define them.


**Question 8**

8. Why might you want to use an instance store volume with your EC2 instance rather than a
   volume from the more common EBS service? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Instance store volumes can be encrypted.
*  B. Instance store volumes, data will survive an instance shutdown.
*  C. Instance store volumes provide faster data read/write performance.
*  D. Instance store volumes are connected directly to your EC2 instance.

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**  
Instance store volumes cannot be encrypted, nor will their data survive an instance
shutdown. Those are features of EBS volumes.


**Question 9**

9. Your web application experiences periodic spikes in demand that require the provisioning
   of extra instances. Which of the following pricing models would make the most sense for
   those extra instances?
*  A. Spot
*  B. On-demand
*  C. Reserved
*  D. Dedicated

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Spot instances are unreliable for this sort of usage since they can be shut down
unexpectedly. Reserved instances make economic sense where they’ll be used 24/7 over long
stretches of time. “Dedicated” isn’t a pricing model.


**Question 10**

10. Your web application experiences periodic spikes in demand that require the provisioning
    of extra instances. Which of the following pricing models would make the most sense for
    the “base” instances that will run constantly?
*  A. Spot
*  B. On-demand
*  C. Spot fleet
*  D. Reserved

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Reserved instances will work here because your “base” instances will need to run 24/7
over the long term. Spot and spot fleet instances are unreliable for this sort of usage since
they can be shut down unexpectedly. On-demand instances will incur unnecessarily high
costs over such a long period.


**Question 11**

11. Which of the following best describes what happens when you purchase an EC2 reserved
    instance?
*  A. Charges for any instances you run matching the reserved instance type will be covered
   by the reservation.
*  B. Capacity matching the reserved definition will be guaranteed to be available whenever
   you request it.
*  C. Your account will immediately and automatically be billed for the full reservation
   amount.
*  D. An EC2 instance matching your reservation will automatically be launched in the
   selected AWS Region.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
There’s no real need for guaranteed available capacity since it’s extremely rare for AWS
to run out. You choose how you’ll pay for a reserved instance. All Upfront, Partial Upfront,
and No Upfront are available options, and there is no automatic billing. An instance would
never be launched automatically in this context.


**Question 12**

12. Which of the following use cases are good candidates for spot instances? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Big data processing workloads
*  B. Ecommerce websites
*  C. Continuous integration development environments
*  D. Long-term, highly available, content-rich websites

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
Because spot instances can be shut down, they’re not recommended for applications
that provide any kind of always-on service.


**Question 13**

13. Which AWS services simplify the process of bringing web applications to deployment?
    (Select TWO.)
*  A. Elastic Block Store
*  B. Elastic Compute Cloud
*  C. Elastic Beanstalk
*  D. Lightsail

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**  
Elastic Block Store provides storage volumes for Lightsail and Beanstalk (and for
EC2, for that matter). Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) provides application deployment, but
no one ever accused it of being simple.


**Question 14**

14. Which of the following services bills at a flat rate regardless of how it’s consumed?
*  A. Lightsail
*  B. Elastic Beanstalk
*  C. Elastic Compute Cloud
*  D. Relational Database Service

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Beanstalk, EC2 (non-reserved instances), and RDS all bill according to actual usage.


**Question 15**

15. Which of these stacks are available from Lightsail blueprints? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Ubuntu
*  B. Gitlab
*  C. WordPress
*  D. LAMP

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
Ubuntu is an OS, not a stack. WordPress is an application, not an OS.


**Question 16**

16. Which of these AWS services use primarily EC2 resources under the hood? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Elastic Block Store
*  B. Lightsail
*  C. Elastic Beanstalk
*  D. Relational Database Service

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Elastic Block Store is, for practical purposes, an EC2 resource. RDS is largely built
on its own infrastructure.


**Question 17**

17. Which of the following AWS services are designed to let you deploy Docker containers?
    (Select TWO.)
*  A. Elastic Container Service
*  B. Lightsail
*  C. Elastic Beanstalk
*  D. Elastic Compute Cloud

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
While you could, in theory at least, manually install Docker Engine on either a
Lightsail or EC2 instance, that’s not their primary function.


**Question 18**

18. Which of the following use container technologies? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Docker
*  B. Kubernetes
*  C. Lambda
*  D. Lightsail

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
Both Lambda and Lightsail are compute services that—while they might possibly
make use of containers under the hood—are not themselves container technologies.


**Question 19**

19. What role can the Python programming language play in AWS Lambda?
*  A. Python cannot be used for Lambda.
*  B. It is the primary language for API calls to administrate Lambda remotely.
*  C. It is used as the underlying code driving the service.
*  D. It can be set as the runtime environment for a function.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Python is, indeed, a valid choice for a function’s runtime environment. There is no one
“primary” language for Lambda API calls.


**Question 20**

20. What is the maximum time a Lambda function may run before timing out?
*  A. 15 minutes
*  B. 5 minutes
*  C. 1 minute
*  D. 1 hour

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
While the maximum time was, at one point, 5 minutes, that’s been changed to 15.