# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## The Core Storage Services

### Questions
1. When trying to create an S3 bucket named documents, AWS informs you that the bucket
   name is already in use. What should you do in order to create a bucket?
   A. Use a different region.
   B. Use a globally unique bucket name.
   C. Use a different storage class.
   D. Use a longer name.
   E. Use a shorter name.
2. Which S3 storage classes are most cost-effective for infrequently accessed data that can’t be
   easily replaced? (Select TWO.)
   A. STANDARD_IA
   B. ONEZONE_IA
   C. GLACIER
   D. STANDARD
   E. INTELLIGENT_TIERING
3. What are the major differences between Simple Storage Service (S3) and Elastic Block Store
   (EBS)? (Select TWO.)
   A. EBS stores volumes.
   B. EBS stores snapshots.
   C. S3 stores volumes.
   D. S3 stores objects.
   E. EBS stores objects.
4. Which tasks can S3 object life cycle configurations perform automatically? (Select THREE.)
   A. Deleting old object versions
   B. Moving objects to Glacier
   C. Deleting old buckets
   D. Deleting old objects
   E. Moving objects to an EBS volume
5. What methods can be used to grant anonymous access to an object in S3? (Select TWO.)
   A. Bucket policies
   B. Access control lists
   C. User policies
   D. Security groups
6. Your budget-conscious organization has a 5 TB database file it needs to retain off-site
   for at least 5 years. In the event the organization needs to access the database, it must be
   accessible within 8 hours. Which cloud storage option should you recommend, and why?
   (Select TWO.)
   A. S3 has the most durable storage.
   B. S3.
   C. S3 Glacier.
   D. Glacier is the most cost effective.
   E. S3 has the fastest retrieval times.
   F. S3 doesn’t support object sizes greater than 4 TB.
7. Which of the following actions can you perform from the S3 Glacier service console?
   A. Delete an archive
   B. Create a vault
   C. Create an archive
   D. Delete a bucket
   E. Retrieve an archive
8. Which Glacier retrieval option generally takes 3 to 5 hours to complete?
   A. Provisioned
   B. Expedited
   C. Bulk
   D. Standard
9. What’s the minimum size for a Glacier archive?
   A. 1 byte
   B. 40 TB
   C. 5 TB
   D. 0 bytes
10. Which types of AWS Storage Gateway let you connect your servers to block storage using
    the iSCSI protocol? (Select TWO.)
    A. Cached gateway
    B. Tape gateway
    C. File gateway
    D. Volume gateway
11. Where does AWS Storage Gateway primarily store data?
    A. Glacier vaults
    B. S3 buckets
    C. EBS volumes
    D. EBS snapshots
12. You need an easy way to transfer files from a server in your data center to S3 without
    having to install any third-party software. Which of the following services and storage
    protocols could you use? (Select FOUR.)
    A. AWS Storage Gateway—file gateway
    B. iSCSI
    C. AWS Snowball
    D. SMB
    E. AWS Storage Gateway—volume gateway
    F. The AWS CLI
13. Which of the following are true regarding the AWS Storage Gateway—volume gateway
    configuration? (Select THREE.)
    A. Stored volumes asynchronously back up data to S3 as EBS snapshots.
    B. Stored volumes can be up to 32 TB in size.
    C. Cached volumes locally store only a frequently used subset of data.
    D. Cached volumes asynchronously back up data to S3 as EBS snapshots.
    E. Cached volumes can be up to 32 TB in size.
14. What’s the most data you can store on a single Snowball device?
    A. 42 TB
    B. 50 TB
    C. 72 TB
    D. 80 TB
15. Which of the following are security features of AWS Snowball? (Select TWO.)
    A. It enforces encryption at rest.
    B. It uses a Trusted Platform Module (TPM) chip.
    C. It enforces NFS encryption.
    D. It has tamper-resistant network ports.
16. Which of the following might AWS do after receiving a damaged Snowball device from a
    customer?
    A. Copy the customer’s data to Glacier
    B. Replace the Trusted Platform Module (TPM) chip
    C. Securely erase the customer’s data from the device
    D. Copy the customer’s data to S3
17. Which of the following can you use to transfer data to AWS Snowball from a Windows
    machine without writing any code?
    A. NFS
    B. The Snowball Client
    C. iSCSI
    D. SMB
    E. The S3 SDK Adapter for Snowball
18. How do the AWS Snowball and Snowball Edge devices differ? (Select TWO.)
    A. Snowball Edge supports copying files using NFS.
    B. Snowball devices can be clustered together for storage.
    C. Snowball’s QSFP+ network interface supports speeds up to 40 Gbps.
    D. Snowball Edge can run EC2 instances.
19. Which of the following Snowball Edge device options is the best for running machine
    learning applications?
    A. Compute Optimized
    B. Compute Optimized with GPU
    C. Storage Optimized
    D. Network Optimized
20. Which of the following hardware devices offers a network interface speed that supports up
    to 100 Gbps?
    A. Snowball Edge with the Storage Optimized configuration
    B. Snowball Edge with the Compute Optimized configuration
    C. Storage Gateway
    D. 80 TB Snowball

### Answers

1. B. Bucket names must be globally unique across AWS, irrespective of Region. The length
   of the bucket name isn’t an issue since it’s between 3 and 63 characters long. Storage classes
   are configured on a per-object basis and have no impact on bucket naming.
2. A, C. STANDARD_IA and GLACIER storage classes offer the highest levels of
   redundancy and are replicated across at least three Availability Zones. Due to their low
   level of availability (99.9 and 99.5 percent, respectively), they’re the most cost-effective
   for infrequently accessed data. ONEZONE_IA stores objects in only one Availability
   Zone, so the loss of that zone could result in the loss of all objects. The STANDARD and
   INTELLIGENT_TIERING classes provide the highest levels of durability and cross-zone
   replication but are also the least cost-effective for this use case.
3. A, D. S3 is an object storage service, while EBS is a block storage service that stores volumes.
   EBS snapshots are stored in S3. S3 doesn’t store volumes, and EBS doesn’t store objects.
4. A, B, D. Object life cycle configurations can perform transition or expiration actions based on
   an object’s age. Transition actions can move objects between storage classes, such as between
   STANDARD and GLACIER. Expiration actions can delete objects and object versions. Object
   life cycle configurations can’t delete buckets or move objects to an EBS volume.
5. A, B. You can use bucket policies or access control lists (ACLs) to grant anonymous users
   access to an object in S3. You can’t use user policies to do this, although you can use them
   to grant IAM principals access to objects. Security groups control access to resources in a
   virtual private cloud (VPC) and aren’t used to control access to objects in S3.
6. C, D. Both S3 and Glacier are designed for durable, long-term storage and offer the same
   level of durability. Data stored in Glacier can be reliably retrieved within eight hours using the
   Expedited or Standard retrieval options. Data stored in S3 can be retrieved even faster than
   Glacier. S3 can store objects up to 5 TB in size, and Glacier can store archives up to 40 TB. Both
   S3 or Glacier will meet the given requirements, but Glacier is the more cost-effective solution.
7. B. You can create or delete vaults from the Glacier service console. You can’t upload,
   download, or delete archives. To perform archive actions, you must use the AWS Command
   Line Interface, an AWS SDK, or a third-party program. Glacier doesn’t use buckets.
8. D. The Standard retrieval option typically takes 3 to 5 hours to complete. Expedited
   takes 1 to 5 minutes, and Bulk takes 5 to 12 hours. There is no Provisioned retrieval
   option, but you can purchase provisioned capacity to ensure Expedited retrievals
   complete in a timely manner.
9. A. A Glacier archive can be as small as 1 byte and as large as 40 TB. You can’t have a zerobyte
   archive.
10. B, D. The tape gateway and volume gateway types let you connect to iSCSI storage. The file
    gateway supports NFS. There’s no such thing as a cached gateway.
11. B. All AWS Storage Gateway types—file, volume, and tape gateways—primarily store data
    in S3 buckets. From there, data can be stored in Glacier or EBS snapshots, which can be
    instantiated as EBS volumes.
12. A, B, D, E. The AWS Storage Gateway allows transferring files from on-premises servers
    to S3 using industry-standard storage protocols. The AWS Storage Gateway functioning as
    a file gateway supports the SMB and NFS protocols. As a volume gateway, it supports the
    iSCSI protocol. AWS Snowball and the AWS CLI also provide ways to transfer data to S3,
    but using them requires installing third-party software.
13. A, C, E. The volume gateway type offers two configurations: stored volumes and cached
    volumes. Stored volumes store all data locally and asynchronously back up that data to S3
    as EBS snapshots. Stored volumes can be up to 16 TB in size. In contrast, cached volumes
    locally store only a frequently used subset of data but do not asynchronously back up the
    data to S3 as EBS snapshots. Cached volumes can be up to 32 TB in size.
14. C. The 80 TB Snowball device offers 72 TB of usable storage and is the largest available.
    The 50 TB Snowball offers 42 TB of usable space.
15. A, B. AWS Snowball enforces encryption at rest and in transit. It also uses a TPM chip
    to detect unauthorized changes to the hardware or software. Snowball doesn’t use NFS
    encryption, and it doesn’t have tamper-resistant network ports.
16. C. If AWS detects any signs of tampering or damage, it will not replace the TPM chip or
    transfer customer data from the device. Instead, AWS will securely erase it.
17. B. The Snowball Client lets you transfer files to or from a Snowball using a machine
    running Windows, Linux, or macOS. It requires no coding knowledge, but the S3 SDK
    Adapter for Snowball does. Snowball doesn’t support the NFS, iSCSI, or SMB storage
    protocols.
18. A, D. Snowball Edge offers compute power to run EC2 instances and supports copying files
    using the NFSv3 and NFSv4 protocols. Snowball devices can’t be clustered and don’t have a
    QFSP+ port.
19. B. The Snowball Edge—Compute Optimized with GPU option is optimized for machine
    learning and high-performance computing applications. Although the Compute Optimized
    and Storage Optimized options could work, they aren’t the best choices. There’s no
    Network Optimized option.
20. B. Snowball Edge with the Compute Optimized configuration includes a QSFP+ network
    interface that supports up to 100 Gbps. The Storage Optimized configuration has a QSFP+
    port that supports only up to 40 Gbps. The 80 TB Snowball supports only up to 10 Gbps.
    A storage gateway is a virtual machine, not a hardware device.