# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## The Core Database Services

### Questions
1. Which type of database stores data in columns and rows?
   A. Nonrelational
   B. Relational
   C. Key-value store
   D. Document
2. Which of the following Structured Query Language (SQL) statements can you use to write
   data to a relational database table?
   A. CREATE
   B. INSERT
   C. QUERY
   D. WRITE
3. Which of the following statements is true regarding nonrelational databases?
   A. You can create only one table.
   B. No primary key is required.
   C. You can’t store data with a fixed structure.
   D. You don’t have to define all the types of data that a table can store before adding data
   to it.
4. What is a no-SQL database?
   A. A nonrelational database without primary keys
   B. A schemaless relational database
   C. A schemaless nonrelational database
   D. A relational database with primary keys
5. What do new Relational Database Service (RDS) instances use for database storage?
   A. Instance volumes
   B. Elastic Block Store (EBS) volumes
   C. Snapshots
   D. Magnetic storage
6. Which of the following are database engine options for Amazon Relational Database
   Service (RDS)? (Select TWO.)
   A. IBM dBase
   B. PostgreSQL
   C. DynamoDB
   D. Amazon Aurora
   E. Redis
7. What two databases is Amazon Aurora compatible with? (Select TWO.)
   A. MySQL
   B. PostgreSQL
   C. MariaDB
   D. Oracle
   E. Microsoft SQL Server
8. Which of the following features of Relational Database Service (RDS) can prevent data loss
   in the event of an Availability Zone failure? (Select TWO.)
   A. Read replicas
   B. Multi-AZ
   C. Snapshots
   D. IOPS
   E. Vertical scaling
9. Which RDS database engine offers automatically expanding database storage up to 64 TB?
   A. Microsoft SQL Server
   B. Amazon Aurora
   C. Oracle
   D. Amazon Athena
10. Which of the following Relational Database Service (RDS) features can help you achieve a
    monthly availability of 99.95 percent?
    A. Multi-AZ
    B. Read replicas
    C. Point-in-time recovery
    D. Horizontal scaling
11. What is true regarding a DynamoDB partition? (Select TWO.)
    A. It’s stored within a table.
    B. It’s backed by solid-state drives.
    C. It’s a way to uniquely identify an item in a table.
    D. It’s replicated across multiple Availability Zones.
12. What is the minimum monthly availability for DynamoDB in a single region?
    A. 99.99 percent
    B. 99.95 percent
    C. 99.9 percent
    D. 99.0 percent
13. Which of the following statements is true regarding a DynamoDB table?
    A. It can store only one data type.
    B. When you create a table, you must define the maximum number of items that it can
    store.
    C. Items in a table can have duplicate values for the primary key.
    D. Items in a table don’t have to have all the same attributes.
14. Which configuration parameters can you adjust to improve write performance against a
    DynamoDB table? (Select TWO.)
    A. Decrease read capacity units (RCU)
    B. Increase read capacity units
    C. Increase write capacity units (WCU)
    D. Decrease write capacity units
    E. Enable DynamoDB Auto Scaling
15. Which DynamoDB operation is the most read-intensive?
    A. Write
    B. Query
    C. Scan
    D. Update
16. Which of the following would be appropriate to use for a primary key in a DynamoDB
    table that stores a customer list?
    A. The customer’s full name
    B. The customer’s phone number
    C. The customer’s city
    D. A randomly generated customer ID number
17. Which type of Redshift node uses magnetic storage?
    A. Cost-optimized
    B. Dense compute
    C. Dense storage
    D. Dense memory
18. Which Redshift feature can analyze structured data stored in S3?
    A. Redshift Spectrum
    B. Redshift S3
    C. Amazon Athena
    D. Amazon RDS
19. What is the term for a relational database that stores large amounts of structured data from
    a variety of sources for reporting and analysis?
    A. Data storehouse
    B. Data warehouse
    C. Report cluster
    D. Dense storage node
20. What’s the maximum amount of data you can store in a Redshift cluster when using dense
    storage nodes?
    A. 2 PB
    B. 326 TB
    C. 2 TB
    D. 326 PB
    E. 236 TB

### Answers

1. B. A relational database stores data in columns called attributes and rows called records.
   Nonrelational databases—including key-value stores and document stores—store data in
   collections or items but don’t use columns or rows.
2. B. The SQL INSERT statement can be used to add data to a relational database. The QUERY
   command is used to read data. CREATE can be used to create a table but not add data to it.
   WRITE is not a valid SQL command.
3. D. A nonrelational database is schemaless, meaning that there’s no need to predefine all the
   types of data you’ll store in a table. This doesn’t preclude you from storing data with a fixed
   structure, as nonrelational databases can store virtually any kind of data. A primary key is
   required to uniquely identify each item in a table. Creating multiple tables is allowed, but
   most applications that use nonrelational databases use only one table.
4. C. A no-SQL database is another term for a nonrelational database. By definition, nonrelational
   databases are schemaless and must use primary keys. There’s no such thing as a schemaless
   relational database. No-SQL is never used to describe a relational database of any kind.
5. B. RDS instances use EBS volumes for storage. They no longer can use magnetic storage.
   Instance volumes are for temporary, not database storage. You can take a snapshot of a
   database instance and restore it to a new instance with a new EBS volume, but an RDS
   instance can’t use a snapshot directly for database storage.
6. B, D. PostgreSQL and Amazon Aurora are options for RDS database engines. IBM dBase
   and the nonrelational databases DynamoDB and Redis are not available as RDS database
   engines.
7. A, B. Aurora is Amazon’s proprietary database engine that works with existing
   PostgreSQL and MySQL databases. Aurora doesn’t support MariaDB, Oracle, or Microsoft
   SQL Server.
8. B, C. Multi-AZ and snapshots can protect your data in the event of an Availability Zone
   failure. Read replicas don’t use synchronous replication and may lose some data. IOPS is a
   measurement of storage throughput. Vertical scaling refers to changing the instance class
   but has nothing to do with preventing data loss.
9. B. Amazon Aurora uses a shared storage volume that automatically expands up to 64 TB.
   The Microsoft SQL Server and Oracle database engines don’t offer this. Amazon Athena is
   not a database engine.
10. A. Multi-AZ lets your database withstand the failure of an RDS instance, even if the
    failure is due to an entire Availability Zone failing. Read replicas are a way to achieve
    horizontal scaling to improve performance of database reads but don’t increase availability.
    Point-in-time recovery allows you to restore a database up to a point in time but doesn’t
    increase availability.
11. B, D. A partition is an allocation of storage backed by solid-state drives and replicated
    across multiple Availability Zones. Tables are stored across partitions, but tables do not
    contain partitions. A primary key, not a partition, is used to uniquely identify an item
    in a table.
12. A. The minimum monthly availability for DynamoDB is 99.99 percent in a single Region.
    It’s not 99.95 percent, 99.9 percent, or 99.0 percent.
13. D. Items in a DynamoDB table can have different attributes. For example, one item can
    have five attributes, while another has only one. A table can store items containing multiple
    data types. There’s no need to predefine the number of items in a table. Items in a table
    can’t have duplicate primary keys.
14. C, E. Increasing WCU or enabling Auto Scaling will improve write performance against
    a table. Increasing or decreasing RCU won’t improve performance for writes. Decreasing
    WCU will make write performance worse.
15. C. A scan requires reading every partition on which the table is stored. A query occurs
    against the primary key, enabling DynamoDB to read only the partition where the matching
    item is stored. Writing and updating an item are not read-intensive operations.
16. D. A primary key must be unique within a table. A full name, phone number, or city may
    not be unique, as some customers may share the same name or phone number. A randomly
    generated customer ID number would be unique and appropriate for use as a primary key.
17. B. Dense compute nodes use magnetic disks. Dense storage nodes use SSDs. There are no
    such nodes as dense memory or cost-optimized.
18. A. Redshift Spectrum can analyze structured data stored in S3. There is no such service
    as Redshift S3. Amazon Athena can analyze structured data in S3, but it’s not a feature of
    Redshift. Amazon RDS doesn’t analyze data stored in S3.
19. B. A data warehouse stores large amounts of structured data from other relational
    databases. It’s not called a data storehouse or a report cluster. Dense storage node is a type
    of Redshift compute node.
20. A. Dense storage nodes can be used in a cluster to store up to 2 PB of data. Dense compute
    nodes can be used to store up to 326 TB of data.