# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Common Use-Case Scenarios

### Questions
1. Which of the following is not one of the pillars of the Well-Architected Framework?   
   A. Performance efficiency  
   B. Reliability  
   C. Resiliency  
   D. Security  
   E. Cost optimization  
2. Which of the following are examples of applying the principles of the security pillar of the  
   Well-Architected Framework? (Select TWO.)  
   A. Granting each AWS user their own IAM username and password  
   B. Creating a security group rule to deny access to unused ports  
   C. Deleting an empty S3 bucket  
   D. Enabling S3 versioning  
3. You’re hosting a web application on two EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. The
   performance of the application is consistently acceptable. Which of the following can help
   maintain or improve performance efficiency? (Select TWO.)
   A. Monitoring for unauthorized access
   B. Doubling the number of instances in the Auto Scaling group
   C. Implementing policies to prevent the accidental termination of EC2 instances in the
   same Auto Scaling group
   D. Using CloudFront
4. Which of the following can help achieve cost optimization? (Select TWO.)
   A. Deleting unused S3 objects
   B. Deleting empty S3 buckets
   C. Deleting unused application load balancers
   D. Deleting unused VPCs
5. Which of the following is a key component of operational excellence?
   A. Adding more security personnel
   B. Automating manual processes
   C. Making minor improvements to bad processes
   D. Making people work longer hours
6. Your default VPC in the us-west-1 Region has three default subnets. How many Availability
   Zones are in this Region?
   A. 2
   B. 3
   C. 4
   D. 5
7. Your organization is building a database-backed web application that will sit behind an
   application load balancer. You add an inbound security group rule to allow HTTP traffic
   on TCP port 80. Where should you apply this security group to allow users to access the
   application?
   A. The application load balancer listener
   B. The database instance
   C. The subnets where the instances reside
   D. None of these
8. How does an application load balancer enable reliability?
   A. By routing traffic away from failed instances
   B. By replacing failed instances
   C. By routing traffic to the least busy instances
   D. By caching frequently accessed content
9. Which of the following contains the configuration information for instances in an Auto
   Scaling group?
   A. Launch directive
   B. Dynamic scaling policy
   C. CloudFormation template
   D. Launch template
10. You’ve created a target tracking policy for an Auto Scaling group. You want to ensure that
    the number of instances in the group never exceeds 5. How can you accomplish this?
    A. Set the group size to 5.
    B. Set the maximum group size to 5.
    C. Set the minimum group size to 5.
    D. Delete the target tracking policy.
11. Which of the following is an example of a static website?
    A. A WordPress blog
    B. A website hosted on S3
    C. A popular social media website
    D. A web-based email application
12. Which of the following features of S3 improve the security of data you store in an S3
    bucket? (Select TWO.)
    A. Objects in S3 are not public by default.
    B. All objects are readable by all AWS users by default.
    C. By default, S3 removes ACLs that allow public read access to objects.
    D. S3 removes public objects by default.
13. Which of the following is required to enable S3 static website hosting on a bucket?
    A. Enable bucket hosting in the S3 service console.
    B. Disable default encryption.
    C. Disable object versioning.
    D. Enable object versioning.
    E. Make all objects in the bucket public.
14. You’ve created a static website hosted on S3 and given potential customers the URL that
    consists of words and numbers. They’re complaining that it’s too hard to type in. How can
    you come up with a friendlier URL?
    A. Re-create the bucket using only words in the name.
    B. Use a custom domain name.
    C. Re-create the bucket in a different Region.
    D. Re-create the bucket using only numbers in the name.
15. Which of the following is true regarding static websites hosted in S3?
    A. The content served is not encrypted in transit.
    B. Anyone can modify the content.
    C. You must use a custom domain name.
    D. A website hosted on S3 is stored in multiple Regions.
16. Which of the following can impact the reliability of a web application running on EC2
    instances?
    A. Taking EBS snapshots of the instances.
    B. The user interface is too difficult to use.
    C. Not replacing a misconfigured resource that the application depends on.
    D. Provisioning too many instances.
17. You have a public web application running on EC2 instances. Which of the following factors
    affecting the performance of your application might be out of your control?
    A. Storage
    B. Compute
    C. Network
    D. Database
18. An Auto Scaling group can use an EC2 system health check to determine whether an
    instance is healthy. What other type of health check can it use?
    A. S3
    B. SNS
    C. VPC
    D. ELB
19. You’re hosting a static website on S3. Your web assets are stored under the Standard storage
    class. Which of the following is true regarding your site?
    A. Someone may modify the content of your site without authorization.
    B. You’re responsible for S3 charges.
    C. You’re charged for any compute power used to host the site.
    D. An Availability Zone outage may bring down the site.
20. You’re hosting a static website on S3. Your web assets are stored in the US East 1 Region in
    the bucket named mygreatwebsite. What is the URL of the website?
    A. http://mygreatwebsite.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com
    B. http://mygreatwebsite.s3.amazonaws.com
    C. http://mygreatwebsite.s3-website-us-east.amazonaws.com
    D. http://mygreatwebsite.s3-us-east-1.amazonaws.com
### Answers

1. C. The five pillars of the Well-Architected Framework are reliability, performance efficiency,
   security, cost optimization, and operational excellence. Resiliency is not one of them.
2. A, D. Security is about protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data.
   Granting each AWS user their own IAM username and password makes it possible to
   ensure the confidentiality of data. Enabling S3 versioning protects the integrity of data by
   maintaining a backup of an object. Deleting an empty S3 bucket doesn’t help with any of
   these. It’s not possible to create a security group rule that denies access to unused ports
   since security groups deny any traffic that’s not explicitly allowed.
3. C, D. Preventing the accidental termination of an EC2 instance in the Auto Scaling group
   can avoid overburdening and causing performance issues on the remaining instance, especially
   during busy times. Using CloudFront can help improve performance for end users by
   caching the content in an edge location close to them. Doubling the number of instances
   might improve performance, but because performance is already acceptable, doing this
   would be inefficient. Monitoring for unauthorized access alone won’t improve performance
   or performance efficiency.
4. A, C. Deleting unused S3 objects and unused application load balancers can reduce costs
   since you’re charged for both. Deleting unused VPCs and empty S3 buckets won’t reduce
   costs since they don’t cost anything.
5. B. Operational excellence is concerned with strengthening the other four pillars of
   reliability, performance efficiency, security, and cost optimization; automation is the key to
   achieving each of these. Improving bad processes and making people work longer hours run
   counter to achieving operational excellence. Adding more security personnel may be a good
   idea, but it isn’t a key component of operational excellence.
6. B. In a default VPC, AWS creates a subnet for each Availability Zone in the Region. Hence,
   if there are three subnets in the default VPC, there must be three Availability Zones.
7. A. Application load balancer listeners use security groups to control inbound access, so you
   need to apply a security group that has an inbound rule allowing HTTP access. Applying
   the security group rule to the database instance won’t help, since users don’t connect
   directly to the database instance. You can’t apply a security group to a subnet, only a
   network access control list.
8. A. An application load balancer can use health checks to identify failed instances and
   remove them from load balancing. This can prevent a user from ever reaching a failed
   instance. A load balancer can’t replace a failed instance, but Auto Scaling can. An
   application load balancer distributes traffic to instances using a round-robin algorithm, not
   based on how busy those instances are. An application load balancer doesn’t cache content.
9. D. A launch template tells Auto Scaling how to configure the instances it provisions. A
   dynamic scaling policy controls how Auto Scaling scales in and out based on CloudWatch
   metrics. There’s no such thing as a launch directive. Auto Scaling does not reference a
   CloudFormation template, but you can use a CloudFormation template to create a stack
   that contains a launch template.
10. B. The maximum group size limits the number of instances in the group. Setting the group
    size (also known as the desired capacity) or minimum group size to 5 would increase the
    number of instances to 5 but would not stop Auto Scaling from subsequently adding more
    instances. Deleting the target tracking policy would not necessarily prevent the number of
    instances in the group from growing, as another process such as a scheduled scaling policy
    could add more instances to the group.
11. B. A static website serves content just as it’s stored without changing the content on the fly.
    A WordPress blog, a social media website, and a web-based email application all compile
    content from a database and mix it in with static content before serving it up to the user.
12. A, C. Objects you upload to an S3 bucket are not public by default, nor are they
    accessible to all AWS users. Even if you try to make an object public using an ACL, S3 will
    immediately remove the ACL, but you can disable this behavior. S3 never removes objects
    by default.
13. A. To have S3 host your static website, you need to enable bucket hosting in the S3 service
    console. It’s not necessary to disable or enable default encryption or object versioning.
    There’s also no need to make all objects in the bucket public, but only those that you want
    S3 to serve up.
14. B. Purchasing and using a custom domain name is the best option for a friendly URL. You
    need to name the bucket the same as the domain name. Creating a bucket name with only
    words is unlikely to work, regardless of Region, as bucket names must be globally unique.
    A bucket name can’t start with a number.
15. A. Websites hosted in S3 are served using unencrypted HTTP, not secure HTTPS. The
    content is publicly readable, but that doesn’t mean the public can modify it. You don’t have
    to use a custom domain name, as S3 provides an endpoint URL for you. A website hosted in
    S3 is stored in a bucket, and a bucket exists in only one Region.
16. C. The reliability of an application can be impacted by the failure of resources the
    application depends on. One way a resource can fail is if it’s misconfigured. Taking EBS
    snapshots of an instance or provisioning more instances than you need won’t impact
    reliability. The user interface being difficult to use might be an annoyance for the user but
    doesn’t affect the actual reliability of the application.
17. C. You may have control over your VPC, but the rest of the network between your
    application and users on the internet is not under your control. Compute, storage, and any
    database your application uses are, or at least theoretically could be, under your control.
18. D. An Auto Scaling group can use an ELB health check to determine whether an instance is
    healthy. There is no such thing as an S3 health check, a VPC health check, or an SNS health
    check.
19. B. You’re responsible for S3 charges related to your static website. You’re not charged
    for compute with S3. No one may modify the content of your site unless you give them
    permission. The S3 Standard storage class keeps objects in multiple Availability Zones, so
    the outage of one won’t affect the site.
20. A. The format of the URL is the bucket name, followed by s3-website-, the Region
    identifier, and then amazonaws.com.