# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## AWS Well-Architected Framework


**Card**
What is AWS Well-Architected Framework ?

**Answer**
* The AWS Well-Architected Framework helps you understand the pros and cons of decisions you make while building systems on AWS. By using the Framework you will learn architectural best practices for designing and operating reliable, secure, efficient, and cost-effective systems in the cloud.
* The AWS Well-Architected Framework provides a consistent set of best practices for customers and partners to evaluate architectures, and provides a set of questions you can use to evaluate how well an architecture is aligned to AWS best practices.

**Card**
What are the six pillars of of the AWS Well-Architected Framework ?

**Answer**
* Operational Excellence
* Security
* Reliability
* Performance efficiency
* Cost Optimization
* Sustainability

**Card**
What means Operational excellence?

**Answer**
* The ability to support development and run workloads effectively, gain insight into their operations, and to continuously improve supporting processes and procedures to deliver business value.


**Card**
What means Security?

**Answer**
* The ability to support development and run workloads effectively, gain insight into their operations, and to continuously improve supporting processes and procedures to deliver business value.

**Card**
What means Reliability?

**Answer**
* The reliability pillar encompasses the ability of a workload to perform its intended function correctly and consistently when it’s expected to. This includes the ability to operate and test the workload through its total lifecycle. This paper provides in-depth, best practice guidance for implementing reliable workloads on AWS.

**Card**
What means Performance efficiency?

**Answer**
* The AWS Wel

**Card**
What means Cost optimization?

**Answer**
* The ability to run systems to deliver business value at the lowest price point.

**Card**
What means Sustainability?

**Answer**
* The ability to continually improve sustainability impacts by reducing energy consumption and increasing efficiency across all components of a workload by maximizing the benefits from the provisioned resources and minimizing the total resources required.

**Card**
What are the general design principle of AWS Well-Architected Framework?

**Answer**
* Stop guessing your capacity needs
* Test systems at production scale
* Automate to make architectural experimentation easier
* Allow for evolutionary architectures
* Drive architectures using data
* Improve through game days


