# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Assessement Test

**Question 1**

1. Which of the following describes the cloud design principle of scalability?
*  A. The ability to automatically increase available compute resources to meet growing user
   demand
*  B. The ability to route incoming client requests between multiple application servers
*  C. The ability to segment physical resources into multiple virtual partitions
*  D. The ability to reduce production costs by spreading capital expenses across many
   accounts

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
A scalable deployment will automatically “scale up” its capacity to meet growing user
demand without the need for manual interference. See Chapter 1.


**Question 2**

2. Which of the following best describes the cloud service model known as infrastructure as a
   service (IaaS)?
*  A. End user access to software applications delivered over the internet
*  B. Access to a simplified interface through which customers can directly deploy
   their application code without having to worry about managing the underlying
   infrastructure
*  C. Customer rental of the use of measured units of a provider’s physical compute, storage,
   and networking resources
*  D. Abstracted interfaces built to manage clusters of containerized workloads

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
IaaS is a model that gives customers access to virtualized units of a provider’s physical
resources. IaaS customers manage their infrastructure much the way they would local,
physical servers. See Chapter 1.


**Question 3**

3. How does AWS ensure that no single customer consumes an unsustainable proportion of
   available resources?
*  A. AWS allows customers to consume as much as they’re willing to pay for, regardless of
   general availability.
*  B. AWS imposes default limits on the use of its service resources but allows customers to
   request higher limits.
*  C. AWS imposes hard default limits on the use of its service resources.
*  D. AWS imposes default limits on the use of its services by Basic account holders;
   Premium account holders face no limits.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS applies usage limits on most features of its services. However, in many cases, you
can apply for a limit to be lifted. See Chapter 2.


**Question 4**

4. The AWS Free Tier is designed to give new account holders the opportunity to get to know
   how their services work without necessarily costing any money. How does it work?
*  A. You get service credits that can be used to provision and launch a few typical
   workloads.
*  B. You get full free access to a few core AWS services for one month.
*  C. You get low-cost access to many core AWS services for three months.
*  D. You get free lightweight access to many core AWS services for a full 12 months.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The Free Tier offers you free lightweight access to many core AWS services for a full
12 months. See Chapter 2.


**Question 5**

5. AWS customers receive “production system down” support within one hour when they
   subscribe to which support plan(s)?
*  A. Enterprise.
*  B. Business and Enterprise.
*  C. Developer and Basic.
*  D. All plans get this level of support.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
“Production system down” support within one hour is available only to subscribers to
the Business or Enterprise support plans. See Chapter 3.


**Question 6**

6. AWS customers get full access to the AWS Trusted Advisor best practice checks when they
   subscribe to which support plan(s)?
*  A. All plans get this level of support.
*  B. Basic and Business.
*  C. Business and Enterprise.
*  D. Developer, Business, and Enterprise.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
All support plans come with full access to Trusted Advisor except for the (free) Basic
plan. See Chapter 3.


**Question 7**

7. The AWS Shared Responsibility Model illustrates how AWS itself (as opposed to its
   customers) is responsible for which aspects of the cloud environment?
*  A. The redundancy and integrity of customer-added data
*  B. The underlying integrity and security of AWS physical resources
*  C. Data and configurations added by customers
*  D. The operating systems run on EC2 instances

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
According to the Shared Responsibility Model, AWS is responsible for the underlying
integrity and security of AWS physical resources, but not the integrity of the data and
configurations added by customers. See Chapter 4.


**Question 8**

8. Which of these is a designation for two or more AWS data centers within a single
   geographic area?
*  A. Availability Zone
*  B. Region
*  C. Network subnet
*  D. Geo-unit

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Availability Zone is one of two or more physical data centers located within a single
AWS Region. See Chapter 4.


**Question 9**

9. How, using security best practices, should your organization’s team members access your
   AWS account resources?
*  A. Only a single team member should be given any account access.
*  B. Through a jointly shared single account user who’s been given full account-wide
   permissions.
*  C. Through the use of specially created users, groups, and roles, each given the fewest
   permissions necessary.
*  D. Ideally, resource access should occur only through the use of access keys.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Team members should each be given identities (as users, groups, and/or roles) configured
with exactly the permissions necessary to do their jobs and no more. See Chapter 5.


**Question 10**

10. Which of the following describes a methodology that protects your organization’s data
    when it’s on-site locally, in transit to AWS, and stored on AWS?
*  A. Client-side encryption
*  B. Server-side encryption
*  C. Cryptographic transformation
*  D. Encryption at rest

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
End-to-end encryption that protects data at every step of its life cycle is called client-side
encryption. See Chapter 5.


**Question 11**

11. What authentication method will you use to access your AWS resources remotely through
    the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)?
*  A. Strong password
*  B. Multifactor authentication
*  C. SSH key pairs
*  D. Access keys

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS CLI requests are authenticated through access keys. See Chapter 6.


**Question 12**

12. Which of these is the primary benefit from using resource tags with your AWS assets?
*  A. Tags enable the use of remote administration operations via the AWS CLI.
*  B. Tags make it easier to identify and administrate running resources in a busy AWS
   account.
*  C. Tags enhance data security throughout your account.
*  D. Some AWS services won’t work without the use of resource tags.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Resource tags—especially when applied with consistent naming patterns—can make it
easier to visualize and administrate resources on busy accounts. See Chapter 6.


**Question 13**

13. What defines the base operating system and software stack that will be available for a new
    Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance when it launches?
*  A. The Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) into which you choose to launch your instance.
*  B. The instance type you select.
*  C. The Amazon Machine Image (AMI) you select.
*  D. You don’t need to define the base OS—you can install that once the instance launches.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
The AMI you select while configuring your new instance defines the base OS. See
Chapter 7.


**Question 14**

14. Which of the following AWS compute services offers an administration experience that
    most closely resembles the way you would run physical servers in your own local data
    center?
*  A. Simple Storage Service (S3)
*  B. Elastic Container Service (ECS)
*  C. Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
*  D. Lambda

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
You can administrate EC2 instances using techniques that are similar to the way you’d
work with physical servers. See Chapter 7.


**Question 15**

15. Which of the following AWS object storage services offers the lowest ongoing charges, but
    at the cost of some convenience?
*  A. Glacier
*  B. Storage Gateway
*  C. Simple Storage Service (S3)
*  D. Elastic Block Store (EBS)

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Glacier can reliably store large amounts of data for a very low price but
requires CLI or SDK administration access, and retrieving your data can take hours. See
Chapter 8.


**Question 16**

16. Which of the following AWS storage services can make the most practical sense for
    petabyte-sized archives that currently exist in your local data center?
*  A. Saving to a Glacier Vault
*  B. Saving to a Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket
*  C. Saving to an Elastic Block Store (EBS) volume
*  D. Saving to an AWS Snowball device

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
You can transfer large data stores to the AWS cloud (to S3 buckets) by having Amazon
send you a Snowball device to which you copy your data and which you then ship back to
Amazon. See Chapter 8.


**Question 17**

17. Which of the following will provide the most reliable and scalable relational database
    experience on AWS?
*  A. Relational Database Service (RDS)
*  B. Running a database on an EC2 instance
*  C. DynamoDB
*  D. Redshift

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
RDS offers a managed and highly scalable database environment for most popular
relational database engines (including MySQL, MariaDB, and Oracle). See Chapter 9.


**Question 18**

18. What’s the best and simplest way to increase reliability of an RDS database instance?
*  A. Increase the available IOPS.
*  B. Choose the Aurora database engine when you configure your instance.
*  C. Enable Multi-AZ.
*  D. Duplicate the database in a second AWS Region.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Multi-AZ will automatically replicate your database in a second Availability Zone for
greater reliability. It will, of course, also double your costs. See Chapter 9.


**Question 19**

19. How does AWS describe an isolated networking environment into which you can launch
    compute resources while closely controlling network access?
*  A. Security group
*  B. Virtual private cloud (VPC)
*  C. Availability Zone
*  D. Internet gateway

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
A VPC is an isolated networking environment into which you can launch compute
resources while closely controlling network access. See Chapter 10.


**Question 20**

20. What service does AWS use to provide a content delivery network (CDN) for its customers?
*  A. VPC peering
*  B. Internet gateway
*  C. Route 53
*  D. CloudFront

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that distributes content through its
global network of edge locations. See Chapter 10.


**Question 21**

21. What is Amazon’s Git-compliant version control service for integrating your source code
    with AWS resources?
*  A. CodeCommit
*  B. CodeBuild
*  C. CodeDeploy
*  D. Cloud9

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
CodeCommit is a Git-compliant version control service for integrating your source code
with AWS resources. See Chapter 11.


**Question 22**

22. Which AWS service allows you to build a script-like template representing complex resource
    stacks that can be used to launch precisely defined environments involving the full range of
    AWS resources?
*  A. LightSail
*  B. EC2
*  C. CodeDeploy
*  D. CloudFormation

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
CloudFormation templates can represent complex resource stacks that can be used
to launch precisely defined environments involving the full range of AWS resources. See
Chapter 11.


**Question 23**

23. What is Amazon Athena?
*  A. A service that permits queries against data stored in Amazon S3
*  B. A service that permits processing and analyzing of real-time video and data streams
*  C. A NoSQL database engine
*  D. A Greece-based Amazon Direct Connect service partner

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Athena is a managed service that permits queries against S3-stored data. See
Chapter 13.


**Question 24**

24. What is Amazon Kinesis?
*  A. A service that permits queries against data stored in Amazon S3
*  B. A service that permits processing and analyzing of real-time video and data streams
*  C. A NoSQL database engine
*  D. A Greece-based Amazon Direct Connect service partner

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon Kinesis allows processing and analyzing of real time video and data streams.
See Chapter 13.


**Question 25**

25. What is Amazon Cognito?
*  A. A service that can manage authentication and authorization for your public-facing
   applications
*  B. A service that automates the administration of authentication secrets used by your
   AWS resources
*  C. A service that permits processing and analyzing of real-time video and data streams
*  D. A relational database engine

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Cognito can manage authentication and authorization for your public-facing
applications. See Chapter 13.
