# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Understanding Your AWS Account

**Question 1**

1. Which of the following EC2 services can be used without charge under the Free Tier?
*  A. Any single EC2 instance type as long as it runs for less than one hour per day
*  B. Any single EC2 instance type as long as it runs for less than 75 hours per month
*  C. A single t2.micro EC2 instance type instance for 750 hours per month
*  D. t2.micro EC2 instance type instances for a total of 750 hours per month

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Only the t2.micro instance type is Free Tier–eligible, and any combination of t2.micro
instances can be run up to a total of 750 hours per month.


**Question 2**

2. You want to experiment with deploying a web server on an EC2 instance. Which two of
   the following resources can you include to make that work while remaining within the Free
   Tier? (Select TWO.)
*  A. A 5 GB bucket on S3
*  B. A t2.micro instance type EC2 instance
*  C. A 30 GB solid-state Elastic Block Store (EBS) drive
*  D. Two 20 GB solid-state Elastic Block Store (EBS) drives

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
S3 buckets—while available in such volumes under the Free Tier—are not necessary
for an EC2 instance. Since the maximum total EBS space allowed by the Free Tier is 30 GB,
two 20 GB would not be covered.


**Question 3**

3. Which of the following usage will always be cost-free even after your account’s Free Tier
   has expired? (Select TWO.)
*  A. One million API calls/month on Amazon API Gateway
*  B. 10 GB of data retrievals from Amazon Glacier per month
*  C. 500 MB/month of free storage on the Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR)
*  D. 10 custom monitoring metrics and 10 alarms on Amazon CloudWatch

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
The API calls/month and ECR free storage are available only under the Free Tier.


**Question 4**

4. Which of the following tools are available to ensure you won’t accidentally run past your
   Free Tier limit and incur unwanted costs? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Automated email alerts when activity approaches the Free Tier limits
*  B. The Top Free Tier Services by Usage section on the Billing & Cost Management
   Dashboard
*  C. Billing & Cost Management section on the Top Free Tier Services Dashboard
*  D. The Billing Preferences Dashboard

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
There is no Top Free Tier Services Dashboard or, for that matter, a Billing Preferences
Dashboard.


**Question 5**

5. Which of the following is likely to be an accurate source of AWS pricing information?
*  A. Wikipedia pages relating to a particular service
*  B. The AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
*  C. AWS online documentation relating to a particular service
*  D. The AWS Total Cost of Ownership Calculator

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Wikipedia pages aren’t updated or detailed enough to be helpful in this respect. The
AWS CLI isn’t likely to have much (if any) pricing information. The TCO Calculator
shouldn’t be used for specific and up-to-date information about service pricing.


**Question 6**

6. Which of the following will probably not affect the pricing for an AWS service?
*  A. Requests for raising the available service limit
*  B. AWS Region
*  C. The volume of data saved to an S3 bucket
*  D. The volume of data egress from an Amazon Glacier vault

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Pricing will normally change based on the volume of service units you consume and,
often, between AWS Regions.


**Question 7**

7. Which of the following is a limitation of the AWS Simple Monthly Calculator?
*  A. You can calculate resource use for only one service at a time.
*  B. Not all AWS services are included.
*  C. The pricing is seldom updated and doesn’t accurately reflect current pricing.
*  D. You’re not able to specify specific configuration parameters.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
You can, in fact, calculate costs for a multiservice stack. The calculator pricing is kept
up-to-date. You can specify very detailed configuration parameters.


**Question 8**

8. Which of the following Simple Monthly Calculator selections will likely have an impact on
   most other configuration choices on the page? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Calculate By Month Or Year
*  B. Include Multiple Organizations
*  C. Free Usage Tier
*  D. Choose Region

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**  
Calculate By Month Or Year is not an option, and since the calculator calculates
only cost by usage, Include Multiple Organizations wouldn’t be a useful option.


**Question 9**

9. Which of the following is not an included parameter in the AWS Total Cost of Ownership
   Calculator?
*  A. The tax implications of a cloud deployment
*  B. Labor costs of an on-premises deployment
*  C. Networking costs of an on-premises deployment
*  D. Electricity costs of an on-premises deployment

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The calculator covers all significant costs associated with an on-premises deployment
but doesn’t include local or national tax implications.


**Question 10**

10. Which of the following AWS Total Cost of Ownership Calculator parameters is likely to
    have the greatest impact on cost?
*  A. Currency
*  B. AWS Region
*  C. Guest OS
*  D. Number of servers

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The currency you choose to use will have little impact on price—it’s all relative, of
course. The guest OS and region will make a difference, but it’s relatively minor.


**Question 11**

11. Which of the following AWS documentation URLs points to the page containing an up-todate
    list of service limits?
*  A. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/limits.html
*  B. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_service_limits.html
*  C. https://aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_service_limits.html
*  D. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/latest/gr/aws_service_limits.html

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The correct URL is https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/
aws_service_limits.html.


**Question 12**

12. Which of the following best describes one possible reason for AWS service limits?
*  A. To prevent individual customers from accidentally launching a crippling level of
   resource consumption
*  B. To more equally distribute available resources between customers from different
   regions
*  C. To allow customers to more gradually increase their deployments
*  D. Because there are logical limits to the ability of AWS resources to scale upward

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Resource limits exist only within individual regions; the limits in one region don’t
impact another. There’s no logistical reason that customers can’t scale up deployments
at any rate. There are, in fact, no logical limits to the ability of AWS resources to scale
upward.


**Question 13**

13. Is it always possible to request service limit increases from AWS?
*  A. Yes. All service limits can be increased.
*  B. No. A limit can never be increased.
*  C. Service limits are defaults. They can be increased or decreased on demand.
*  D. No. Some service limits are hard.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
While most service limits are soft and can be raised on request, there are some service
limits that are absolute.


**Question 14**

14. Which is the best place to get a quick summary of this month’s spend for your account?
*  A. Budgets
*  B. Cost Explorer
*  C. Cost and usage reports
*  D. Billing & Cost Management Dashboard

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The Cost Explorer and Cost and Usage Reports pages provide more in-depth and/or
customized details. Budgets allow you to set alerts based on usage.


**Question 15**

15. What is the main goal for creating a Usage budget type (in AWS Budgets)?
*  A. To correlate usage per unit cost to understand your account cost efficiency
*  B. To track the status of any active reserved instances on your account
*  C. To track particular categories of resource consumption
*  D. To monitor costs being incurred against your account

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Reservation budgets track the status of any active reserved instances on your account.
Cost budgets monitor costs being incurred against your account. There is no budget type
that correlates usage per unit cost to understand your account cost efficiency.


**Question 16**

16. Which of the following is not a setting you can configure in a Cost budget?
*  A. Period (monthly, quarterly, etc.)
*  B. Instance type
*  C. Start and stop dates
*  D. Owner (username of resource owner)

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
You can configure the period, instance type, and start/stop dates for a budget, but you
can’t filter by resource owner.


**Question 17**

17. What is the main difference between the goals of Cost Explorer and of cost and usage
    reports?
*  A. Cost Explorer displays visualizations of high-level historical and current account costs,
   while cost and usage reports generate granular usage reports in CSV format.
*  B. Cost and usage reports display visualizations of high-level historical and current
   account costs, while Cost Explorer generates granular usage reports in CSV format.
*  C. Cost Explorer lets you set alerts that are triggered by billing events, while cost and
   usage reports help you visualize system events.
*  D. Cost and usage reports are meant to alert you to malicious intrusions, while Cost
   Explorer displays visualizations of high-level historical and current account costs.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Billing events aren’t triggers for alerts. Nothing in this chapter discusses intrusion events.


**Question 18**

18. What is the purpose of cost allocation tags?
*  A. To associate spend limits to automatically trigger resource shutdowns when necessary
*  B. To help you identify the purpose and owner of a particular running resource to better
   understand and control deployments
*  C. To help you identify resources for the purpose of tracking your account spending
*  D. To visually associate account events with billing periods

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Tags are passive, so they can’t automatically trigger anything. Resource tags—not cost
allocation tags—are meant to help you understand and control deployments. Tags aren’t
associated with particular billing periods.


**Question 19**

19. Which of the following scenarios would be a good use case for AWS Organizations?
    (Select TWO.)
*  A. A single company with multiple AWS accounts that wants a single place to
   administrate everything
*  B. An organization that provides AWS access to large teams of its developers and admins
*  C. A company that’s integrated some operations with an upstream vendor
*  D. A company with two distinct operational units, each with its own accounting system
   and AWS account

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
Companies with multiple users of resources in a single AWS account would not
benefit from AWS Organizations, nor would a company with completely separated units.
The value of AWS Organizations is in integrating the administration of related accounts.


**Question 20**

20. Which of these tools lets you design graphs within the browser interface to track your
    account spending?
*  A. Budgets
*  B. Cost Explorer
*  C. Reports
*  D. Consolidating Billing

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Budgets are used to set alerts. Reports provide CSV-formatted data for offline
processing. Consolidated Billing (now migrated to AWS Organizations) is for
administrating resources across multiple AWS accounts.


