# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Latest Real Exam - 01

**Question 1**

1. Who is responsible for configuration management under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. It is solely the responsibility of the customer.
*  B. It is solely the responsibility of AWS.
*  C. It is shared between AWS and the customer.
*  D. It is not part of the AWS shared responsibility model.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS maintains the configuration of its infrastructure devices, but a customer is responsible for configuring their own guest operating systems, databases, and applications.


**Question 2**

2. Which compute hosting model should be accounted for in the Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) when undertaking a cost analysis that allows physical isolation of a customer workload?
*  A. Dedicated Hosts
*  B. Reserved Instances
*  C. On-Demand Instances
*  D. No Upfront Reserved Instances

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Use Dedicated Hosts to launch Amazon EC2 instances on physical servers that are dedicated for your use. Dedicated Hosts give you additional visibility and control over how instances are placed on a physical server, and you can reliably use the same physical server over time. As a result, Dedicated Hosts enable you to use your existing server-bound software licenses like Windows Server and address corporate compliance and regulatory requirements.


**Question 3**

3. Who is accountable for security and compliance under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. The customer is responsible.
*  B. AWS is responsible.
*  C. AWS and the customer share responsibility.
*  D. AWS shares responsibility with the relevant governing body.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility between AWS and the customer. This shared model can help relieve the customer's operational burden as
AWS operates, manages and controls the components from the host operating system and virtualization layer down to the physical security of the facilities in which the service operates.


**Question 4**

4. Which of the following is a critical design concept for architecting cloud applications?
*  A. Use the largest instance possible
*  B. Provision capacity for peak load
*  C. Use the Scrum development process 
*  D. Implement elasticity

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Cloud services main proposition is to provide elasticity through horizontal scaling. Its already there. As for using largest instance possible, it is not a design principle that helps cloud applications in anyway. Scrum development process is not related to architecting. Therefore, a key principle is to provision your application for on-demand capacity. Peak loads is something that cloud applications experience everyday. Peak load management should be a necessary part of cloud application design principle.


**Question 5**

5. Who is the main point of contact for billing or account questions if a user has an AWS account with an Enterprise-level AWS Support plan?
*  A. Solutions architect
*  B. AWS Concierge Support team
*  C. An AWS Marketplace seller
*  D. AWS Partner Network (APN) partner

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Support Concierge Included as part of the Enterprise Support plan, the Support Concierge Team are AWS billing and account experts that specialize in working with enterprise accounts.


**Question 6**

6. What is one technique to provide unified billing if each department within a firm has its own AWS account?
*  A. Use AWS Budgets on each account to pay only to budget.
*  B. Contact AWS Support for a monthly bill.
*  C. Create an AWS Organization from the payer account and invite the other accounts to join.
*  D. Put all invoices into one Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket, load data into Amazon Redshift, and then run a billing report.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
You can invite an account to join an organization that has only the consolidated billing features enabled. If you later want to enable all features for the organization, invited accounts must approve the change.


**Question 7**

7. Which cloud architecture design concept is supported by distributing workloads across various Availability Zones?
*  A. Implement automation.
*  B. Design for agility.
*  C. Design for failure.
*  D. Implement elasticity.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Design of failure : Distribute workload data and resources across multiple Availability Zones (AZs) or, where necessary,
across AWS Regions. These locations can be as diverse as required.


**Question 8**

8. Which security-related duty is AWS accountable for under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Lifecycle management of IAM credentials
*  B. Physical security of global infrastructure
*  C. Encryption of Amazon EBS volumes
*  D. Firewall configuration

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  



**Question 9**

9. According to the AWS shared responsibility model, who is responsible for managing IAM user access and secret keys?
*  A. IAM access and secret keys are static, so there is no need to rotate them.
*  B. The customer is responsible for rotating keys.
*  C. AWS will rotate the keys whenever required.
*  D. The AWS Support team will rotate keys when requested by the customer.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  



**Question 10**

10. To install a PCI-compliant workload on AWS, which of the following tasks is required?
*  A. Use any AWS service and implement PCI controls at the application layer
*  B. Use an AWS service that is in-scope for PCI compliance and raise an AWS support ticket to enable PCI compliance at the application layer
*  C. Use any AWS service and raise an AWS support ticket to enable PCI compliance on that service
*  D. Use an AWS service that is in scope for PCI compliance and apply PCI controls at the application layer

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  



**Question 11**

11. Which of the following is a suggestion made by an AWS Trusted Advisor? (Select two.)
*  A. Cost optimization
*  B. Auditing
*  C. Serverless architecture
*  D. Performance
*  E. Scalability

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  



**Question 12**

12. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is supported by the design philosophy of performing operations as code?
*  A. Performance efficiency
*  B. Operational excellence
*  C. Reliability
*  D. Security

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
1. Operational Excellence
   The Operational Excellence pillar includes the ability to support development and run workloads effectively, gain insight into their operation, and continuously improve.supporting processes and procedures to delivery business value. You can find prescriptive guidance on implementation in the Operational Excellence Pillar whitepaper.
   Design Principles
   There are five design principles for operational excellence in the cloud:
   •	Perform operations as code a
   •	Make frequent, small, reversible changes
   •	Refine operations procedures frequently
   •	Anticipate failure ti
   •	Learn from all operational failures


**Question 13**

13. What is the customer's responsibility while using Amazon RDS?
*  A. Patching and maintenance of the underlying operating system.
*  B. Managing automatic backups of the database.
*  C. Controlling network access through security groups.
*  D. Replacing failed instances in the event of a hardware failure.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  



**Question 14**

14. Which of the following operational controls do users completely inherit from AWS as part of the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Security management of data center
*  B. Patch management
*  C. Configuration management
*  D. User and access management

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility between AWS and the customer. This shared model can help relieve the customer's operational burden as AWS operates, manages and controls the components from the host operating system and virtualization layer down to the physical security of the facilities in which the service operates. The customer assumes responsibility and management of the guest operating system (including updates and security patches), other associated application software as well as the configuration of the AWS provided security group firewall. Customers should carefully consider the services they choose as their responsibilities vary depending on the services used, the integration of those services into their IT environment, and applicable laws and regulations. The nature of this shared responsibility also provides the flexibility and customer control that permits the deployment. As shown in the chart below, this differentiation of responsibility is commonly referred to as Security "of" the Cloud versus Security "in" the Cloud.


**Question 15**

15. What is the customer's obligation while using an AWS managed service under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Physical security of the data centers
*  B. Server-side encryption
*  C. Customer data
*  D. Operating system patching

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  



**Question 16**

16. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is designed on the idea of frequent, minor, reversible changes?
*  A. Reliability
*  B. Operational excellence
*  C. Performance efficiency
*  D. Cost optimization

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
There are five design principles for operational excellence in the cloud:
1) Perform operations as code
2) Make frequent, small, reversible changes
3) Refine operations procedures frequently
4) Anticipate failure
5) Learn from all operational failures


**Question 17**

17. Which AWS service can identify the person who made the API request when an Amazon EC2 instance is terminated?
*  A. Amazon CloudWatch
*  B. AWS CloudTrail
*  C. AWS X-Ray
*  D. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS CloudTrail allows AWS customers to record API calls, sending log files to Amazon S3 buckets for storage.


**Question 18**

18. All AWS users have access to which AWS Trusted Advisor check?
*  A. Core checks
*  B. All checks
*  C. Cost optimization checks
*  D. Fault tolerance checks

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Basic Support and AWS Developer Support customers can access core security checks


**Question 19**

19. Which of the following is an example of security in the AWS Cloud under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Managing edge locations
*  B. Physical security
*  C. Firewall configuration
*  D. Global infrastructure

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  



**Question 20**

20. Permissions for which of the following are managed by service control policies (SCPs)?
*  A. Availability Zones
*  B. AWS Regions
*  C. AWS Organizations
*  D. Edge locations

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Service Control Policies (SCPs) are IAM-like policies to manage permissions in AWS Organizations. SCPs restrict the actions allowed for accounts within the organization making each one of them compliant with your guidelines.


**Question 21**

21. Which of the following AWS services should a client utilize to audit the change management of AWS resources?
*  A. AWS Config
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. Amazon Inspector

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously monitors and records your
AWS resource configurations and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configurations. With Config, you can review changes in configurations and relationships between AWS resources, dive into detailed resource configuration histories, and determine your overall compliance against the configurations specified in your internal guidelines. This enables you to simplify compliance auditing, security analysis, change management, and operational troubleshooting.


**Question 22**

22. What is raised when a business deploys web servers across several AWS Regions?
*  A. Coupling
*  B. Availability
*  C. Security
*  D. Durability

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS measures durability as a percentage. For example, the S3 Standard Tier is designed
for 99.999999999% durability.


**Question 23**

23. Which of the following is a shared control between a client and AWS under the shared responsibility model?
*  A. Physical controls
*  B. Patch management
*  C. Zone security
*  D. Data center auditing

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Patch Management: AWS is responsible for patching and fixing flaws within the infrastructure, but customers are responsible for patching their guest OS and applications


**Question 24**

24. According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which job is shared between AWS and the customer?
*  A. Physical and environmental controls
*  B. Server hardware management and encryption
*  C. Application security
*  D. Patch management and configuration management

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Shared Controls which apply to both the infrastructure layer and customer layers, but in completely separate
contexts or perspectives. In a shared control, AWS provides the requirements for the infrastructure and the
customer must provide their own control implementation within their use of AWS services.
Examples include:
,s, Patch Management AWS is responsible for patching and fixing flaws within the infrastructure, but customers are responsible for patching their guest OS and applications.
IDD Configuration Management AWS maintains the configuration of its infrastructure devices, but a customer is responsible for configuring their own guest operating systems, databases, and applications.


**Question 25**

25. How should an application be created to function on the AWS Cloud in accordance with best practices?
*  A. Use tightly coupled components.
*  B. Use loosely coupled components.
*  C. Use infrequently coupled components.
*  D. Use frequently coupled components.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The more loosely coupled the
application components are, the better they will scale.


**Question 26**

26. Which cloud architectural concept is supported by a system that can scale in terms of users, traffic, or data quantity without sacrificing performance?
*  A. Think parallel
*  B. Implement elasticity
*  C. Decouple your components
*  D. Design for failure

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Elasticity - AWS Well-Architected Framework Elasticity The ability to acquire resources as you need them and release resources when you no longer need them. In the cloud, you want to do this automatically.


**Question 27**

27. The following describes an application that spans various Availability Zones:
*  A. being highly available
*  B. having global reach
*  C. using an economy of scale
*  D. having elasticity

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Availability Zone (AZ) is one or more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking, and
connectivity in an AWS Region. AZs give customers the ability to operate production applications and databases that are more highly available, fault tolerant, and scalable than would be possible from a single data center.


**Question 28**

28. Which duty is the customer's responsibility while administering AWS Lambda functions under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Creating versions of Lambda functions
*  B. Maintaining server and operating systems
*  C. Scaling Lambda resources according to demand
*  D. Updating the Lambda runtime environment

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
You can use versions to manage the deployment of your functions. For example, you can publish a new version of a function for beta testing without affecting users of the stable production version. Lambda creates a new version of your function each time that you publish the function. The new version is a copy of the unpublished version of the function.


**Question 29**

29. Which of the following is not a duty of the client under the AWS shared responsibility model? (Select two.)
*  A. Decommissioning of physical storage devices
*  B. Security group and ACL configuration
*  C. Patch management of an Amazon RDS instance operating system
*  D. Controlling physical access to data centers
*  E. Patch management of an Amazon EC2 instance operating system

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  



**Question 30**

30. Which service or functionality does AWS Enterprise Support provide that other AWS Support subscriptions do not?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. AWS Support case
*  C. Concierge team
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
•	AWS Support Concierge Included as part of the Enterprise Support plan, the Support Concierge Team are AWS billing and account experts that specialize in working with enterprise accounts.


**Question 31**

31. What attributes of an AWS account can AWS Trusted Advisor monitor and advise on? (Select two.)
*  A. Compliance with security best practices
*  B. Application performance
*  C. Network utilization
*  D. Cost optimization
*  E. Compliance status

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  



**Question 32**

32. Which feature enables Amazon EC2 instances to be more elastic in response to changing workload demand?
*  A. Virtualization Management
*  B. Hardware management
*  C. Encryption management
*  D. Facilities management
*  E. Firewall management

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  



**Question 33**

33. What is the unique advantage that Enterprise Support customers receive?
*  A. Access to a Technical Project Manager
*  B. Access to a Technical Account Manager
*  C. Access to a Cloud Support Engineer
*  D. Access to a Solutions Architect

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Technical account management
Designated point of contact
A Technical Account Manager (TAM) is your designated technical point of contact who helps you onboard, provides advocacy and guidance to help plan and build solutions using best practices, coordinates access to subject matter experts, assists with case management, presents insights and recommendations on your AWS spend, workload optimization, and event management, and proactivelyr,keeps your AWS environment healthy.
Access to subject-matter experts
Cloud, support Engineers, Solutions Architects, and product teams are available to provide guidance and help as needed. The AWS Trust & Safety team assists you when your AWS resources are used to engage in abusive behaviors, such as sparn, port scanning, denial¬of-service (DoS) attacks, or malware.


**Question 34**

34. What are the advantages of AWS Cloud elasticity?
*  A. Ensure web traffic is automatically spread across multiple AWS Regions.
*  B. Minimize storage costs by automatically archiving log data.
*  C. Enable AWS to automatically select the most cost-effective services.
*  D. Automatically adjust the required compute capacity to maintain consistent performance.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Elasticity
The ability to acquire resources as you need them and release resources when you no longer need them. In the cloud, you want to do this automatically.


**Question 35**

35. Which cost components should be addressed when developing a cloud Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) model for AWS workloads? (Select three.)
*  A. Compute costs
*  B. Facilities costs
*  C. Storage costs
*  D. Data transfer costs
*  E. Network infrastructure costs
*  F. Hardware lifecycle costs

**Answer** A, C, E

**Explanation**  
Components of Total Cost for Technology 'Hardware acquisition
'Software acquisition
'Infrastructure
'Downtime
'	Installation
'	Maintenance
'Training
'Support
'	Space
'Electricity


**Question 36**

36. Which of the following are capabilities of the AWS Cost Management tools? (Select two.)
*  A. Terminate all AWS resources automatically if budget thresholds are exceeded.
*  B. Break down AWS costs by day, service, and linked AWS account.
*  C. Create budgets and receive notifications if current of forecasted usage exceeds the budgets.
*  D. Switch automatically to Reserved Instances or Spot Instances, whichever is most cost-effective.
*  E. Move data stored in Amazon S3 to a more cost-effective storage class.

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
AWS offers the following tools for Cost Management:
•	Billing Dashboard
•	Cost Explorer
•	Cost Usage and Report


**Question 37**

37. How should an Amazon EC2 instance be granted access to an Amazon S3 bucket in accordance with security best practices?
*  A. Hard code an lAM user's secret key and access key directly in the application, and upload the file.
*  B. Store the IAM user's secret key and access key in a text file on the EC2 instance, read the keys, then upload the file.
*  C. Have the EC2 instance assume a role to obtain the privileges to upload the file.
*  D. Modify the S3 bucket policy so that any service can upload to it at any time.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  



**Question 38**

38. Which of the following price options would result in the highest reduction after making an Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host reservation?
*  A. No upfront payment
*  B. Hourly on-demand payment
*  C. Partial upfront payment
*  D. All upfront payment

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/reserved-instances/pricing/


**Question 39**

39. Which AWS services and/or features increase availability and mitigate the effect of failures while constructing a typical three-tier web application? (Select two.)
*  A. AWS Auto Scaling for Amazon EC2 instances
*  B. Amazon VPC subnet ACLs to check the health of a service
*  C. Distributed resources across multiple Availability Zones
*  D. AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS) to move Amazon EC2 instances into a different Region
*  E. Distributed resources across multiple AWS points of presence

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
You can use Auto Scaling to help make sure that you are running the desired number of healthy EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones. Auto Scaling can also automatically increase the number of EC2 instances during demand spikes to maintain performance and decrease capacity during less busy periods to optimize costs


**Question 40**

40. Which of the following IT responsibilities may AWS relieve a company's IT team of? (Select two.)
*  A. Patching database software
*  B. Storage capacity planning
*  C. Creating database schemas
*  D. Setting up access controls for data
*  E. Writing application code

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
