# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Latest Real Exam - 10

**Question 361**

361. What is an example of AWS Cloud agility?
*  A. Access to multiple instance types
*  B. Access to managed services
*  C. Using Consolidated Billing to produce one bill
*  D. Decreased acquisition time for new compute resources

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Agility is the ability to react quickly. In cloud, it takes a minute or two to create a Virtual Machine that is up and running


**Question 362**

362. What are the advantages of using loose coupling as a design paradigm for cloud architectures?
*  A. It facilitates low-latency request handling.
*  B. It allows applications to have dependent workflows.
*  C. It prevents cascading failures between different components.
*  D. It allows companies to focus on their physical data center operations.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Loose Coupling: A change or a failure in one component should not cascade to other components.


**Question 363**

363. A business operates a website that is hosted on AWS and is protected by an Application Load Balancer. The business wishes to protect its website against SQL injection and cross-site scripting.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service should the business use?
*  A. Amazon GuardDuty
*  B. AWS WAF
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Amazon Inspector

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
To protect your applications against SQL injection and cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks, use the built-in SQL injection and cross-site scripting engines. Remember that attacks can be performed on different parts of the HTTP request, such as the HTTP header, query string, or URI. Configure the AWS WAF rules to inspect different parts of the HTTP request against the built-in mitigation engines.


**Question 364**

364. A company's recently released application is rapidly gaining popularity. To enhance customer service, the firm want to establish a phone number that would enable it to handle the growing amount of calls received by its support employees.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering should be utilized to fulfill this requirement?
*  A. Amazon Connect
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. Amazon DirectConnect
*  D. AWS Trusted Advisor

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
After you create an Amazon Connect instance, you can claim a phone number to use for your contact center. You can use this phone number to place a test call in to your contact center to confirm that it is
working correctly. You can also use it in your production environment.
For pricing information about claimed phone number costs, see Amazon Connect pricing B.
If you want to keep a phone number you already have, you can port the phone number and use it with Amazon Connect. After a phone number is ported to Amazon Connect, it appears in the list of available phone numbers for you to assign to contact flows.


**Question 365**

365. A business want to evaluate streaming user data and reply in real time to consumer inquiries.Which AWS service satisfies these criteria?
*  A. Amazon QuickSight
*  B. Amazon Redshift
*  C. Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics
*  D. AWS Data Pipeline

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Kinesis Data Streams is a scalable and durable real-time data streaming service that can
continuously capture gigabytes of data per second from hundreds of thousands of sources.


**Question 366**

366. Which of the following is an example of a frequent IT duty that AWS can do in order to free up firm IT resources? (Select two.)
*  A. Patching databases software
*  B. Testing application releases
*  C. Backing up databases
*  D. Creating database schema
*  E. Running penetration tests

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
Patch Manager, a capability of AWS Systems Manager, automates the process
of patching managed nodes with both security related and other types of updates.
AWS Backup automates and consolidates backup tasks previously
performed service-by-service, removing the need to create custom scripts and manual processes.


**Question 367**

367. How should a web application be deployed in the AWS Cloud to guarantee high availability?
*  A. Deploy multiple instances of the application in multiple Availability Zones.
*  B. Deploy multiple instances of the application in a single Availability Zone.
*  C. Deploy the application to a compute-optimized Amazon EC2 instance in a single Availability Zone.
*  D. Deploy the application in one Amazon EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
This is to achieve High Availability for any web application deployed in AWS. The following features will be present:
'	High availability across multiple instances/multiple availability zones.
'	Auto Scaling of instances (scale up and scale down) based on the number of requests coming in
•	Additional Security to the instances/database that is in production
•	No impact to end-users during the newer version of code deployment
•	No Impact during patching the instances


**Question 368**

368. Which AWS service or feature enables a business to track, monitor, and control its AWS expenses and consumption over time?
*  A. AWS Budgets
*  B. AWS Cost Explorer
*  C. AWS Organizations
*  D. Consolidated billing

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time.


**Question 369**

369. A huge corporation has recruited a developer who requires AWS credentials. Which security best practices should be adhered to? (Select two.)
*  A. Grant the developer access to only the AWS resources needed to perform the job.
*  B. Share the AWS account root user credentials with the developer.
*  C. Add the developer to the administrator's group in AWS IAM.
*  D. Configure a password policy that ensures the developer's password cannot be changed.
*  E. Ensure the account password policy requires a minimum length.

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**



**Question 370**

370. A business has a 500 TB image repository that has to be moved to Amazon Web Services (AWS) for processing.Which AWS service is the most cost-effective way to import this data?
*  A. AWS Snowball
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. AWS VPN
*  D. Amazon S3

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon 53 because of the low cost, pay-as-you-go model, high durability, and availability.


**Question 371**

371. What is an AWS Cloud best practice in terms of design?
*  A. Tight coupling of components
*  B. Single point of failure
*  C. High availability
*  D. Overprovisioning of resources

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 372**

372. A workload hosted on AWS will continue to operate indefinitely by using a steady number of Amazon EC2 instances.Which pricing strategy will decrease costs while assuring the availability of computational resources?
*  A. Dedicated Hosts
*  B. On-Demand Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. Reserved Instances

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Reserved Instances provide you with significant savings on your Amazon EC2 costs compared to On-Demand Instance pricing. Reserved Instances are not physical instances, but rather a billing discount applied to the use of On-Demand Instances in your account.


**Question 373**

373. A business is developing an application that will need the capacity to transmit, save, and receive messages across its component components. Additionally, the corporation requires that communications be processed in first-in, first-out (FIFO) sequence.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service should the business use?
*  A. AWS Step Functions
*  B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
*  C. Amazon Kinesis Data Streams
*  D. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS)

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
FIFO queues are available in all AWS regions where Amazon SOS is available.


**Question 374**

374. A business requires 24/7 phone, email, and chat support, with a response time of less than one hour in the event of a service outage to a production system.Which AWS Support plan best matches these needs for the least amount of money?
*  A. Basic
*  B. Developer
*  C. Business
*  D. Enterprise

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/


**Question 375**

375. A customer is considering migrating an application burden to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud.Which control becomes AWS's responsibility after the migration?
*  A. Patching the guest operating system
*  B. Maintaining physical and environmental controls
*  C. Protecting communications and maintaining zone security
*  D. Patching specific applications

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 376**

376. What is the function of a VPC's internet gateway?
*  A. To create a VPN connection to the VPC
*  B. To allow communication between the VPC and the Internet
*  C. To impose bandwidth constraints on internet traffic
*  D. To load balance traffic from the Internet across Amazon EC2 instances

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
An internet gateway is a horizontally scaled, redundant, and highly available VPC component that allows communication between your VPC and the internet.


**Question 377**

377. Which AWS IAM feature enables developers to use the AWS CLI to access AWS services?
*  A. API keys
*  B. Access keys
*  C. User names/Passwords
*  D. SSH keys

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. You can use access keys to sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI or AWS API (directly or using the AWS SDK).


**Question 378**

378. On AWS, a corporation is constructing a new archiving system capable of storing terabytes of data. The firm will NOT often retrieve the data.Which Amazon S3 storage type will result in the LOWEST SYSTEM COST?
*  A. 83 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
*  B. S3 Glacier
*  C. S3 Intelligent-Tiering
*  D. S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon 83 Glacier (83 Glacier) 83 Glacier is a secure, durable, and low-cost storage class for data archiving. You can reliably store any amount of data at
costs that are competitive with or cheaper than on-premises solutions.


**Question 379**

379. Which AWS Support package includes access to architectural and operational assessments, as well as 24/7 email, online chat, and phone support from Senior Cloud Support Engineers?
*  A. Basic
*  B. Business
*  C. Developer
*  D. Enterprise

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
With Enterprise Support, you get 24x7 technical support from high-quality engineers, tools and
technology to automatically manage health of your environment, consultative architectural guidance delivered in the context of your applications and use-cases, and a designated Technical Account
Manager (TAM) to coordinate access to proactive / preventative programs and AWS subject matter experts. AWS Enterprise Support is recommended if you have business and/or mission critical workloads in AWS.


**Question 380**

380. Which of the following describes the root user of an AWS account?
*  A. The root user is the only user that can be configured with multi-factor authentication (MFA).
*  B. The root user is the only user that can access the AWS Management Console.
*  C. The root user is the first sign-in identity that is available when an AWS account is created.
*  D. The root user has a password that cannot be changed.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS account root user
PDF	Kindle RS5
When you first create an Amazon Web Services (AWS) account, you begin with one identity that has complete access to all AWS services and resources in the account. This identity is called the AWS account root user. Youtcan sign in as the root user using the email address and password that you used to create the account.


**Question 381**

381. The AWS IAM recommended practice for providing the fewest possible privileges is as follows:
*  A. apply an IAM policy to an IAM group and limit the size of the group.
*  B. require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all IAM users.
*  C. require each lAM user who has different permissions to have multiple passwords.
*  D. apply an IAM policy only to lAM users who require it.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
By creating an AWS IAM policy, IT admins can ensure that members of a project will only have access to the exact resources they'll need to complete the project. They can do this by creating a policy that enables access to a particular resource for a specific date range and applying the policy to each IAM identity (users, roles, or groups).


**Question 382**

382. To prevent fraudulent compute activity, a user need a simple method to detect whether any Amazon EC2 instances have unlimited access to their ports.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering will meet this requirement?
*  A. VPC Flow Logs
*  B. AWS WAF
*  C. AWS CloudTrail
*  D. AWS Trusted Advisor

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Trusted Advisor Checks security groups for rules that allow unrestricted access (0.0.0.0/0) to specific ports.
Unrestricted access increases opportunities for malicious activity (hacking, denial-of-service attacks, loss of data). The ports with highest risk are flagged red, and those with less risk are flagged yellow. Ports flagged green are typically used by applications that require unrestricted access, such as HTTP and SMTP.


**Question 383**

383. Which AWS service is a content delivery network that safely and quickly distributes data, video, and apps to consumers worldwide?
*  A. AWS CloudFormation
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. Amazon CloudFront
*  D. Amazon Pinpoint

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network (CDN) service that securely delivers data, videos, applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency, high transfer speeds, all within a developer-friendly environment. CloudFront is integrated with AWS "CA both physical locations that are directly connected to the AWS global infrastructure, as well as other AWS services.


**Question 384**

384. Which AWS feature is exemplified by on-demand technology services that allow businesses to substitute variable expenditures for upfront fixed expenses?
*  A. High availability
*  B. Economies of scale
*  C. Pay-as-you-go pricing
*  D. Global reach

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
•	Trade fixed expense for variable expense — Instead of having to invest heavily in data centers and servers before you know how you're going to use them, you can pay only when you consume computing resources, and pay only for how much you consume.


**Question 385**

385. A business is relocating and need an encrypted connection to AWS. Which AWS service will assist you in fulfilling this requirement?
*  A. AWS VPN
*  B. Amazon Route 53
*  C. Amazon API Gateway
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS VPN -- You can now use additional encryption, integrity, and key exchange algorithms for your VPN connections. These advanced algorithms provide higher security to protect your
data, higher performance for faster transfer rates, and help meet compliance requirements.


**Question 386**

386. What technology permits compute capacity to alter in response to changing load conditions?
*  A. Load balancing
*  B. Automatic failover
*  C. Round robin
*  D. Auto Scaling

**Answer** 0

**Explanation**  
AWS Auto Scaling monitors your applications and automatically adjusts capacity to maintain steady, predictable performance at the lowest possible cost. Using
AWS Auto Scaling, it's easy to setup application scaling for multiple resources across multiple services in minutes. The service provides a simple, powerful user interface that lets you build scaling plans for resources including Amazon EC2 instances and Spot Fleets, Amazon ECS tasks, Amazon DynamoDB tables and indexes, and Amazon Aurora Replicas. AWS Auto Scaling makes scaling simple with recommendations that allow you to optimize performance, costs, or balance between them. If you're already using Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to dynamically scale your Amazon EC2 instances, you can now combine it with AWS Auto
Scaling to scale additional resources for other AWS services. With AWS Auto Scaling, your applications always have the right resources at the right time.


**Question 387**

387. A major corporation has a workload that demands on-premises hardware. The organization want to continue using the same management and control plane services as it does on AWS.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering should the business employ to achieve these requirements?
*  A. AWS Device Farm
*  B. AWS Fargate
*  C. AWS Outposts
*  D. AWS Ground Station

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Outposts is a family of fully managed solutions delivering AWS infrastructure and services to virtually any on-premises or edge location for a truly consistent hybrid experience. Outposts solutions allow you to extend and run native AWS services on premises, and is available in a variety of form factors, from 1U and 2U Outposts servers to 42U Outposts racks, and multiple rack deployments.
With AWS Outposts, you can run some AWS services locally and connect to a broad range of services available in the local AWS Region. Run applications and workloads on premises using familiar AWS services, tools, and APIs. Outposts supports workloads and devices requiring low latency access to on-premises systems, local data processing, data residency, and application migration with local system interdependencies.


**Question 388**

388. A business operates an ecommerce application that is hosted in Europe. To reduce latency for international customers accessing the website, the firm would want to cache frequently viewed static information closer to the consumers.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering will meet these requirements?
*  A. Amazon ElastiCache
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
*  D. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront employs a global network of edge locations and regional edge caches that cache copies of your content close to your viewers. Amazon
CloudFront ensures that end-user requests are served by the closest edge location. As a result, viewer requests travel a short distance, improving performance for your viewers. For files not cached at the edge locations and the regional edge caches, Amazon CloudFront keeps persistent connections with your origin servers so that those files can be fetched from the origin servers as quickly as possible.


**Question 389**

389. Which of the following is not a recommended approach for IAM user management? (Select two.)
*  A. Require IAM users to change their passwords after a specified period of time
*  B. Prevent IAM users from reusing previous passwords
*  C. Recommend that the same password be used on AWS and other sites
*  D. Require IAM users to store their passwords in raw text
*  E. Disable multi-factor authentication (MFA) for IAM users

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**



**Question 390**

390. Which Amazon Web Services feature assists in identifying harmful or illegal activity in AWS accounts and workloads?
*  A. Amazon Rekognition
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. Amazon GuardDuty
*  D. Amazon CloudWatch

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon GuardDuty is a continuous security monitoring service that analyzes and processes the following data sources: AWS CloudTrail management event logs, AWS CloudTrail data events for S3, DNS
logs, EKS audit logs, and VPC flow logs. It uses threat intelligence feeds, such as lists of malicious IP addresses and domains, and machine learning to identify unexpected and potentially unauthorized and malicious activity within your AWS environment.


**Question 391**

391. Which AWS service or functionality provides technical support to users who subscribe to the AWS Basic Support plan?
*  A. AWS senior support engineers
*  B. AWS technical account manager (TAM)
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. AWS Discussion Forums

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Basic Support is included for all AWS customers and includes:
•	Customer Service and Communities - 24x7 access to customer service, documentation, whitepapers, and AWS_re:Post,
•	AWS Trusted Advisor - Access to core Trusted Advisor checks and guidance to provision your resources following best practices to increase performance and improve security.
•	AWS Personal Health Dashboard - A personalized view of the health of AWS services, and alerts when your resources are impacted.


**Question 392**

392. Which AWS service enables you to get AWS security and compliance information on-demand?
*  A. AWS CloudTrail
*  B. AWS Artifact
*  C. AWS Health
*  D. Amazon CloudWatch

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that matters to you. It provides on-demand access to AWS` security and compliance reports and select online agreements. Reports available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization Control (SOC) reports, Payment Card
Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation bodies across geographies and compliance
verticals that validate the implementation and operating effectiveness of AWS security controls. Agreements available in AWS Artifact include the Business Associate Addendum (BAA) and the Nondisclosure Agreement
(NDA).


**Question 393**

393. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service makes use of edge locations?
*  A. Amazon Aurora
*  B. AWS Global Accelerator
*  C. Amazon Connect
*  D. AWS Outposts

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Global Accelerator and Amazon CloudFront are separate services that use the AWS global network and its edge locations around the world.


**Question 394**

394. Which of the following AWS capabilities allows a user to deploy an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance that has already been configured?
*  A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
*  B. Amazon Machine Image
*  C. Amazon EC2 Systems Manager
*  D. Amazon AppStream 2.0

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
To use Amazon EC2, you simply:
Select a pre-configured, templated Amazon Machine Image (AMI) to get up and running immediately. Or create an AMI containing your applications, libraries, data, and associated configuration settings.
cc> Configure security and network access on your Amazon EC2 instance.
Choose which instance type(s) you want, then start, terminate, and monitor as many instances of your AMI as needed, using the web service APIs or the variety of management tools provided.
ca. Determine whether you want to run in multiple locations, utilize static IP endpoints, or attach persistent block storage to your instances.
co. Pay only for the resources that you actually consume, like instance-hours or data transfer.


**Question 395**

395. A business wishes to send its traffic directly and confidentially to a virtual private cloud (VPC) rather than through the public Internet.Which mode of connection enables this capability?
*  A. AWS VPN
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. VPC NAT gateway
*  D. VPC Internet gateway

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Direct Connect can be used to establish a private virtual interface from your on-premises directly to AWS VPC. It can provide you private, high bandwidth network
connection between your network and VPC. With the help of multiple virtual interfaces, you can establish private connectivity to multiple VPCs


**Question 396**

396. What can be utilized to automate and manage AWS setups that are safe, well-architected, and multi-account?
*  A. AWS shared responsibility model
*  B. AWS Control Tower
*  C. AWS Security Hub
*  D. AWS Well-Architected Tool

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Control Tower automates the process of setting up a new baseline multi-account AWS environment that is secure, well-architected, and ready to use. Control
Tower incorporates the knowledge that AWS Professional Service has gained over the course of thousands of successful customer engagements.


**Question 397**

397. Which AWS Support plan is the LEAST EXPENSIVE that provides for a one-hour goal response time for support cases?
*  A. Enterprise
*  B. Business
*  C. Developer
*  D. Basic

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 398**

398. Which AWS hybrid storage offering allows users to effortlesslyintegrate on-premises applications with AWS Cloud storage?
*  A. AWS Backup
*  B. Amazon Connect
*  C. AWS Direct Connect
*  D. AWS Storage Gateway

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Storage Gateway is a set of hybrid cloud storage services that provide on-premises access to virtually unlimited cloud storage.


**Question 399**

399. A user needs to prepare a report that summarizes the status of AWS account's major security checks. The report must contain the following:- Permissions on Amazon S3 buckets are now inactive.- Whether or not multi-factor authentication is enabled for the root user of the AWS account. - If any security groups are set to enable unlimited access, this will be shown.Where can I get all of this information in one place?
*  A. Amazon QuickSight dashboard
*  B. AWS CloudTrail trails
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor report
*  D. IAM credential report

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 400**

400. A pharmaceutical company's infrastructure is managed in a single AWS Region. The organization want to link hundreds of VPCs across many AWS accounts.Which AWS service or feature should the business use to streamline administration and save operating costs?
*  A. VPC endpoint
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. AWS Transit Gateway
*  D. VPC peering

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Transit Gateway connects VPCs and on-premises networks through a central hub. This simplifies your network and puts an end to complex peering relationships. It acts as a cloud router - each new connection is only made once.

