# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Latest Real Exam - 12 

**Question 1**

1.  A company is planning to run a global marketing application in the AWS Cloud. The application will feature videos that can be viewed by users. The company must ensure that all users can view these videos with low latency. Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?
*  A. AWS Auto Scaling
*  B. Amazon Kinesis Video Streams
*  C. Elastic Load Balancing
*  D. Amazon CloudFront

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront can speed up the delivery of your
static content (e.g., images, style sheets, JavaScript, etc.)
to viewers across the globe.


**Question 2**

2.  Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework refers to the ability of a system to recover from infrastructure or service disruptions and dynamically acquire computing resources to meet demand?
*  A. Security
*  B. Reliability
*  C. Performance efficiency
*  D. Cost optimization

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Reliability requires that your workload be aware of failures
as they occur and take action to avoid impact on
availability. Workloads must be able to both withstand
failures and automatically repair issues.


**Question 3**

3.  Which of the following are benefits of migrating to the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
*  A. Operational resilience
*  B. Discounts for products on Amazon.com
*  C. Business agility
*  D. Business excellence
*  E. Increased staff retention

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
Reference https://www.easydeploy.io/blog/benefits-of-aws-migration/


**Question 4**

4.  A company is planning to replace its physical on-premises compute servers with AWS serverless compute services. The company wants to be able to take advantage of advanced technologies quickly after the migration. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this plan represent?
*  A. Security
*  B. Performance efficiency
*  C. Operational excellence
*  D. Reliability

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Evaluating performance efficiency of your architecture
using serverless architecture.


**Question 5**

5.  A large company has multiple departments. Each department has its own AWS account. Each department has purchased Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Some departments do not use all the Reserved Instances that they purchased, and other departments need more Reserved Instances than they purchased. The company needs to manage the AWS accounts for all the departments so that the departments can share the Reserved Instances. Which AWS service or tool should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS Systems Manager
*  B. Cost Explorer
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. AWS Organizations

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
With AWS Organizations you can reduce duplication of resources by sharing critical resources in your
organization using AWS Resource Access Manager (RAM). In addition, Organizations helps you comply
with software license agreements with AWS License Manager and maintain a catalog of IT services and
custom products using AWS Service Catalog.


**Question 6**

6.  Which component of the AWS global infrastructure is made up of one or more discrete data centers that have redundant power, networking, and connectivity?
*  A. AWS Region
*  B. Availability Zone
*  C. Edge location
*  D. AWS Outposts

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
An Availability Zone (AZ) is one or more discrete data centers with redundant power,
networking, and connectivity in an AWS Region. AZs give customers the ability to
operate production applications and databases that are more highly available, fault
tolerant, and scalable than would be possible from a single data center.


**Question 7**

7.  Which duties are the responsibility of a company that is using AWS Lambda? (Choose two.)
*  A. Security inside of code
*  B. Selection of CPU resources
*  C. Patching of operating system
*  D. Writing and updating of code
*  E. Security of underlying infrastructure

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
Lambda runs your code on high availability compute infrastructure and performs all the
administration of your compute resources. This includes server and operating system
maintenance, capacity provisioning and automatic scaling, code and security patch
deployment, and code monitoring and logging. All you need to do is supply the code.


**Question 8**

8.  Which AWS services or features provide disaster recovery solutions for Amazon EC2 instances?(Choose two.)
*  A. Reserved Instances
*  B. EC2 Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
*  C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots
*  D. AWS Shield
*  E. Amazon GuardDuty

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
You can back up Amazon EC2 instances used by your workload as Amazon
Machine Images (AMIs). The AMI is created from snapshots of your instance's
root volume and any other EBS volumes attached to your instance. You can
use this AMI to launch a restored version of the EC2 instance


**Question 9**

9.  A company is migrating to the AWS Cloud instead of running its infrastructure on premises.Which of the following are advantages of this migration? (Choose two.)
*  A. Elimination of the need to perform security auditing
*  B. Increased global reach and agility
*  C. Ability to deploy globally in minutes
*  D. Elimination of the cost of IT staff members
*  E. Redundancy by default for all compute services

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**


**Question 10**

10.  A user is comparing purchase options for an application that runs on Amazon EC2 and Amazon RDS. The application cannot sustain any interruption. The application experiences a predictable amount of usage, including some seasonal spikes that last only a few weeks at a time. It is not possible to modify the application. Which purchase option meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
*  A. Review the AWS Marketplace and buy Partial Upfront Reserved Instances to cover the predicted and seasonal load.
*  B. Buy Reserved Instances for the predicted amount of usage throughout the year. Allow any seasonal usage to run on Spot Instances.
*  C. Buy Reserved Instances for the predicted amount of usage throughout the year. Allow any seasonal usage to run at an On-Demand rate.
*  D. Buy Reserved Instances to cover all potential usage that results from the seasonal usage.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Reserving is the most cost-effective for the predicted time frame and on demand is
recommended for instances that cannot be interrupted


**Question 11**

11.  A company wants to review its monthly costs of using Amazon EC2 and Amazon RDS for the past year. Which AWS service or tool provides this information?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. cost Explorer
*  C. Amazon Forecast
*  D. Amazon CloudWatch

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
After you enable Cost Explorer, AWS prepares the data about your costs for the
current month and the last 1 2 months, and then calculates the forecast for the next
12 months.


**Question 12**

12.  A company wants to migrate a critical application to AWS. The application has a short runtime. The application is invoked by changes in data or by shifts in system state. The company needs a compute solution that maximizes operational efficiency and minimizes the cost of running the application. Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances
*  B. Aws Lambda
*  C. Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances
*  D. Amazon EC2 Spot Instances

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Lambda enables you to run code in response to triggers such
as changes in data, shifts in system state, or actions by users.


**Question 13**

13.  Which AWS service or feature allows users to connect with and deploy AWS services programmatically?
*  A. AWS Management Console
*  B. AWS Cloud9
*  C. AWS CodePipeIine
*  D. AWS software development kits (SDKs)

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Software Development Kits (SDKs) simplify using AWS services in your applications with an
Application Program Interface (API) tailored to your programming language or platform.


**Question 14**

14.  A company plans to create a data lake that uses Amazon S3.Which factor will have the MOST effect on cost?
*  A. The selection of S3 storage tiers
*  B. Charges to transfer existing data into Amazon S3
*  C. The addition of S3 bucket policies
*  D. S3 ingest fees for each request

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 15**

15.  A company is launching an ecommerce application that must always be available. The application will run on Amazon EC2 instances continuously for the next 12 months. What is the MOST cost-effective instance purchasing option that meets these requirements?
*  A. Spot Instances
*  B. Savings Plans
*  C. Dedicated Hosts
*  D. On-Demand Instances

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 Savings Plans enable you to reduce your compute costs by committing to a consistent
amount of compute usage for a I -year or 3-year term. This results in savings of up to 72% over On-
Demand Instance costs. Any usage up to the commitment is charged at the discounted Savings Plan
rate (for example, $10 an hour). Any usage beyond the commitment is charged at regular On-
Demand Instance rates.


**Question 16**

16.  Which AWS service or feature can a company use to determine which business unit is using specific AWS resources?
*  A. Cost allocation tags
*  B. Key pairs
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. AWS Trusted Advisor

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS cost allocation tags are metadata that can be assigned to each of your AWS
resources so that you can track your AWS costs in detail. Every tag consists of a
unique key and value, with only one value per key.


**Question 17**

17.  A company wants to migrate its workloads to AWS, but it lacks expertise in AWS Cloud computing.Which AWS service or feature will help the company with its migration?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. AWS Consulting Partners
*  C. AWS Artifacts
*  D. AWS Managed Services

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Managed Service Providers (MSP) provide end-to-end AWS solutions to customers at any stage of
the cloud journey—from consultation on initial solution design, to building applications, through to
ongoing optimization and support. By working with next-generation AWS MSP Partners, you can
leverage the cloud as a strategic business advantage that goes beyond technical benefits and generates
positive business outcomes. AWS MSPs are your trusted advisors and support customers of all sizes with
different business needs.


**Question 18**

18.  Which AWS service or tool should a company use to centrally request and track service limit increases?
*  A. AWS Config
*  B. Service Quotas
*  C. AWS Service Catalog
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Quotas, also referred to as limits in AWS services, are the maximum values for the
resources, actions, and items in your AWS account. Each AWS service defines its quotas
and establishes default values for those quotas. Depending on your business needs, you
might need to increase your service quota values.


**Question 19**

19.  Which documentation does AWS Artifact provide?
*  A. Amazon EC2 terms and conditions
*  B. AWS ISO certifications
*  C. A history of a company's AWS spending
*  D. A list of previous-generation Amazon EC2 instance types

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Artifact provides on-demand downloads of AWS security and compliance documents,
such as AWS ISO certifications, Payment Card Industry (PCI), and Service Organization
Control (SOC) reports. You can submit the security and compliance documents (also known
as audit artifacts) to your auditors or regulators to demonstrate the security and compliance
of the AWS infrastructure and services that you use.


**Question 20**

20.  Which task requires using AWS account root user credentials?
*  A. Viewing billing information
*  B. Changing the AWS Support plan
*  C. Starting and stopping Amazon EC2 instances
*  D. Opening an AWS Support case

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Change your account settings. This includes the account name, email
address, root user password, and root user access keys.


**Question 21**

21.  A company needs to simultaneously process hundreds of requests from different users.Which combination of AWS services should the company use to build an operationally efficient solution?
*  A. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and AWS Lambda
*  B. AWS Data Pipeline and Amazon EC2
*  C. Amazon Kinesis and Amazon Athena
*  D. AWS Amplify and AWS AppSync

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Data Pipeline helps you easily create complex data processing workloads that are fault
tolerant, repeatable, and highly available. With AWS Data Pipeline, you can regularly access your
data where it's stored, transform and process it at scale, and efficiently transfer the results to
AWS services such as Amazon S3, Amazon RDS, Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon EMR.


**Question 22**

22.  What is the scope of a VPC within the AWS network?
*  A. A VPC can span all Availability Zones globally.
*  B. A VPC must span at least two subnets in each AWS Region.
*  C. A VPC must span at least two edge locations in each AWS Region.
*  D. A VPC can span all Availability Zones within an AWS Region.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A VPC is a logically isolated piece of AWS cloud dedicated to your company. This means, you can run
applications on overly provisioned, highly available, and redundant infrastructure setup and it is
managed by AWS. All the complexity of setting up a data center with cables, server racks, hardware,
power supply, etc. all are managed by AWS.
A VPC belongs to a region.
A VPC spans all availability zones.
You can have multiple VPCs per region.
VPC contains one or more subnets.


**Question 23**

23.  Which of the following are components of an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection? (Choose two.)
*  A. AWS Storage Gateway
*  B. Virtual private gateway
*  C. NAT gateway
*  D. Customer gateway
*  E. Internet gateway

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
The VPC has an attached virtual private gateway, and your on-premises (remote)
network includes a customer gateway device, which you must configure to enable the
Site-to-Site VPN connection. You set up the routing so that any traffic from the VPC
bound for your network is routed to the virtual private gateway.


**Question 24**

24.  A company needs to establish a connection between two VPCs. The VPCs are located in two different AWS Regions. The company wants to use the existing infrastructure of the VPCs for this connection. Which AWS service or feature can be used to establish this connection?
*  A. AWS Client VPN
*  B. VPC peering
*  C. AWS Direct Connect
*  D. VPC endpoints

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
A VPC peering connection is a networking connection between two VPCs that enables you
to route traffic between them using private IPv4 addresses or IPv6 addresses.


**Question 25**

25.  According to the AWS shared responsibility model, what responsibility does a customer have when using Amazon RDS to host a database?
*  A. Manage connections to the database
*  B. Install Microsoft SQL Server
*  C. Design encryption-at-rest strategies
*  D. Apply minor database patches

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
DB connections to the (customer) apps need to be managed/configured by the
customer only


**Question 26**

26.  What are some advantages of using Amazon EC2 instances to host applications in the AWSCloud instead of on premises? (Choose two.)
*  A. EC2 includes operating system patch management.
*  B. EC2 integrates with Amazon VPC, AWS CloudTraiI, and AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
*  C. EC2 has a 100% service level agreement (SLA).
*  D. EC2 has a flexible, pay-as-you-go pricing model.
*  E. EC2 has automatic storage cost optimization.

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**


**Question 27**

27.  A user needs to determine whether an Amazon EC2 instance's security groups were modified in the last month. How can the user see if a change was made?
*  A. Use Amazon EC2 to see if the security group was changed.
*  B. Use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to see which user or role changed the security group.
*  C. Use AWS CloudTraiI to see if the security group was changed.
*  D. Use Amazon CloudWatch to see if the security group was changed.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
CloudTrail records user activity and API calls across
AWS services as events.


**Question 28**

28.  Which AWS service will help protect applications running on AWS from DDoS attacks?
*  A. Amazon GuardDuty
*  B. AWS WAF
*  C. AWS Shield
*  D. Amazon Inspector

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Shield is a managed Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS)
protection service that safeguards applications running on AWS.


**Question 29**

29.  Which AWS service or feature acts as a firewall for Amazon EC2 instances?
*  A. Network ACL
*  B. Elastic network interface
*  C. Amazon VPC
*  D. Security group

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A security group is a virtual firewall that controls
inbound and outbound traffic for an Amazon EC2
instance.


**Question 30**

30.  How does the AWS Cloud pricing model differ from the traditional on-premises storage pricing model?
*  A. AWS resources do not incur costs
*  B. There are no infrastructure operating costs
*  C. There are no upfront cost commitments
*  D. There are no software licensing costs

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 31**

31.  A company has a single Amazon EC2 instance. The company wants to adopt ahighly available architecture. What can the company do to meet this requirement?
*  A. Scale vertically to a larger EC2 instance size.
*  B. Scale horizontally across multiple Availability Zones.
*  C. Purchase an EC2 Dedicated Instance.
*  D. Change the EC2 instance family to a compute optimized
*  E.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 32**

32.  A company's on-premises application deployment cycle was 3-4 weeks. After migrating to the AWS Cloud, the company can deploy the application in 2-3 days. Which benefit has this company experienced by moving to the AWS Cloud?
*  A. Elasticity
*  B. Flexibility
*  C. Agility
*  D. Resilience

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Elasticity - auto-scaling capability
Agility - capability to obtain new resources in a reduced time


**Question 33**

33.  Which of the following are included in AWS Enterprise Support? (Choose two.)
*  A. AWS technical account manager (TAM)
*  B. AWS partner-led support
*  C. AWS Professional Services
*  D. Support of third-party software integration to AWS
*  E. 5-minute response time for critical issues

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**


**Question 34**

34.  A global media company uses AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts.Which AWS service or feature can the company use to limit the access to AWS services for member accounts?
*  A. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
*  B. Service control policies (SCPs)
*  C. Organizational units (OUs)
*  D. Access control lists (ACLs)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Organizations, you can centrally control permissions for the accounts in your
organization by using service control policies (SCPs). SCPs enable you to place
restrictions on the AWS services, resources, and individual API actions that users and
roles in each account can access.


**Question 35**

35.  A company wants to limit its employees' AWS access to a portfolio of predefinedAWS resources. Which AWS solution should the company use to meet this requirement?
*  A. AWS config
*  B. AWS software development kits (SDKs)
*  C. AWS Service Catalog
*  D. AWS AppSync

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Service Catalog allows organizations to create and manage catalogs of IT
services that are approved for use on AWS. These IT services can include everything
from virtual machine images, servers, software, and databases to complete multi-
tier application architectures.


**Question 36**

36.  An online company was running a workload on premises and was struggling to launch new products and features. After migrating the workload to AWS, the company can quickly launch products and features and can scale its infrastructure as required. Which AWS Cloud value proposition does this scenario describe?
*  A. Business agility
*  B. High availability
*  C. Security
*  D. Centralized auditing

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Agility in AWS is the capability to quickly develop, test, and launching the
application that intern helps you to boost your business. Accelerating Agility is one of
the key advantages of AWS.


**Question 37**

37.  Which of the following are advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
*  A. AWS management of user-owned infrastructure
*  B. Ability to quickly change required capacity
*  C. High economies of scale
*  D. Increased deployment time to market
*  E. Increased fixed expenses

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Advantages of the AWS Cloud
Trade fixed expense for variable expense
Benefit from massive economies of scale
Stop guessing capacity
Increase speed and agility
Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers
Go global in minutes


**Question 38**

38.  AWS has the ability to achieve lower pay-as-you-go pricing by aggregating usage across hundreds of thousands of users. This describes which advantage of the AWS Cloud?
*  A. Launch globally in minutes
*  B. Increase speed and agility
*  C. High economies of scale
*  D. No guessing about compute capacity

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
By using cloud computing, you can achieve a lower variable cost than you can get on your own.
Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers is aggregated in the cloud, providers
such as AWS can achieve higher economies of scale, which translates into lower pay as-you-go
prices.


**Question 39**

39.  A company has a database server that is always running. The company hosts the server onAmazon EC2 instances. The instance sizes are suitable for the workload. The workload will run for 1 year. Which EC2 instance purchasing option will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
*  A. Standard Reserved Instances
*  B. On-Demand Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. Convertible Reserved Instances

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances (RI) provide a significant discount (up to 72%) compared to
On-Demand pricing and provide a capacity reservation when used in a specific Availability
Zone.


**Question 40**

40.  A company is developing a mobile app that needs a high-performance NoSQL database.Which AWS services could the company use for this database? (Choose two.)
*  A. Amazon Aurora
*  B. Amazon RDS
*  C. Amazon Redshift
*  D. Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility)
*  E. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
RDS is a SQL based DB. Dynamo DB and Document DB
are the only No-SQL options.


**Question 41**

41.  Which tasks are the responsibility of AWS, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)
*  A. Patch the Amazon EC2 guest operating system.
*  B. Upgrade the firmware of the network infrastructure.
*  C. Apply password rotation for IAM users.
*  D. Maintain the physical security of edge locations.
*  E. Maintain least privilege access to the root user account.

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**


**Question 42**

42.  Which of the following are features of network ACLs as they are used in the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
*  A. They are stateless.
*  B. They are stateful.
*  C. They evaluate all rules before allowing traffic.
*  D. They process rules in order, starting with the lowest numbered rule, when deciding whether to allow traffic.
*  E. They operate at the instance level.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
Network ACLs are stateless, which means that responses to allowed inbound
traffic are subject to the rules for outbound traffic (and vice versa).
Rules are evaluated starting with the lowest numbered rule. As soon as a rule
matches traffic, it's applied regardless of any higher-numbered rule that might
contradict it.


**Question 43**

43.  A company has designed its AWS Cloud infrastructure to run its workloads effectively. The company also has protocols in place to continuously improve supporting processes. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this scenario represent?
*  A. Security
*  B. Performance efficiency
*  C. Cost optimization
*  D. Operational excellence

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The Operational Excellence pillar includes the ability to support development and run
workloads effectively, gain insight into their operations, and to continuously improve
supporting .


**Question 44**

44.  Which AWS service or feature can be used to create a private connection between an on-premises workload and an AWS Cloud workload?
*  A. Amazon Route 53
*  B. Amazon Macie
*  C. AWS Direct Connect
*  D. AWS PrivateLink

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The keyword here is 'workload' which implies the application level of the OSI model.
PrivateLink works at the application level and Direct Connect works at the network
level.


**Question 45**

45.  A company needs to graphically visualize AWS billing and usage over time. The company also needs information about its AWS monthly costs. Which AWS Billing and Cost Management tool provides this data in a graphical format?
*  A. AWS Bills
*  B. Cost Explorer
*  C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Cost Explorer includes a default report that helps you visualize the costs and usage
associated with your top five cost-accruing AWS services, and gives you a detailed breakdown on
all services in the table view. The reports let you adjust the time range to view historical data
going back up to twelve months to gain an understanding of your cost trends with graphical
format.


**Question 46**

46.  A company wants to run production workloads on AWS. The company needs concierge service, a designated AWS technical account manager (TAM), and technical support that is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Which AWS Support plan will meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS Basic Support
*  B. AWS Enterprise Support
*  C. AWS Business Support
*  D. AWS Developer Support

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
With Enterprise Support, you get 24x7 technical support from high-quality engineers, tools and technology
to automatically manage health of your environment, consultative architectural guidance delivered in the
context of your applications and use-cases, and a designated Technical Account Manager (TAM) to
coordinate access to proactive / preventative programs and AWS subject matter experts. AWS Enterprise
Support is recommended if you have business and/or mission critical workloads in AWS.


**Question 47**

47.  Which architecture design principle describes the need to isolate failures between dependent components in the AWS Cloud?
*  A. Use a monolithic design.
*  B. Design for automation.
*  C. Design for single points of failure.
*  D. Loosely couple components.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**


**Question 48**

48.  Which AWS services are managed database services? (Choose two.)
*  A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
*  B. Amazon S3
*  C. Amazon RDS
*  D. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
*  E. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
A, B & D are Storage Services.. and C & E are Database Services...


**Question 49**

49.  A company is using the AWS Free Tier for several AWS services for an application.What will happen if the Free Tier usage period expires or if the application use exceeds the Free Tier usage limits?
*  A. The company will be charged the standard pay-as-you-go service rates for the usage that exceeds the Free Tier usage.
*  B. AWS Support will contact the company to set up standard service charges.
*  C. The company will be charged for the services it consumed during the Free Tier period, plus additional charges for service consumption after the Free Tier period.
*  D. The company's AWS account will be frozen and can be restarted after a payment plan is established.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
When your free tier expires or if your application use exceeds the free tier limits,
you simply pay standard, pay-as-you-go service rates


**Question 50**

50.  A company recently deployed an Amazon RDS instance in its VPC. The company needs to implement a stateful firewall to limit traffic to the private corporate network. Which AWS service or feature should the company use to limit network traffic directly to its RDS instance?
*  A. Network ACLs
*  B. Security groups
*  C. AWS WAF
*  D. Amazon GuardDuty

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Security groups enable you to manage network access to your Amazon RDS instances.
With security groups, you specify sets of IP addresses using CIDR notation, and only
network traffic originating from these addresses is recognized by your Amazon RDS
instance.
Security Groups are stateful


**Question 51**

51.  Which AWS service uses machine learning to help discover, monitor, and protect sensitive data that is stored in Amazon S3 buckets?
*  A. AWS Shield
*  B. Amazon Macie
*  C. AWS Network Firewall
*  D. Amazon Cognito

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon Macie is a data security and data privacy service that uses machine learning
(ML) and pattern matching to discover and protect your sensitive data.


**Question 52**

52.  A company wants to improve the overall availability and performance of its applications that are hosted on AWS. Which AWS service should the company use?
*  A. Amazon Connect
*  B. Amazon Lightsail
*  C. AWS Global Accelerator
*  D. AWS Storage Gateway

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Global Accelerator is a networking service that improves the performance of your
users' traffic by up to 60% using Amazon Web Services' global network infrastructure.
When the internet is congested, AWS Global Accelerator optimizes the path to your
application to keep packet loss, jitter, and latency consistently low.


**Question 53**

53.  Which AWS service or feature identifies whether an Amazon S3 bucket or an IAM role has been shared with an external entity?
*  A. AWS Service Catalog
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. AWS IAM Access Analyzer
*  D. AWS Organizations

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Access Analyzer helps you identify the resources in your organization and accounts,
such as Amazon S3 buckets or IAM roles, shared with an external entity. This lets you
identify unintended access to your resources and data, which is a security risk.


**Question 54**

54.  A company does not want to rely on elaborate forecasting to determine its usage of compute resources. Instead, the company wants to pay only for the resources that it uses. The company also needs the ability to increase or decrease its resource usage to meet business requirements. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework aligns with these requirements?
*  A. Operational excellence
*  B. Security
*  C. Reliability
*  D. Cost optimization

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The cost optimization pillar focuses on avoiding unnecessary costs. Key topics include
understanding spending over time and controlling fund allocation, selecting resources of the right
type and quantity, and scaling to meet business needs without overspending.


**Question 55**

55.  A company wants to launch its workload on AWS and requires the system to automatically recover from failure. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework includes this requirement?
*  A. Cost optimization
*  B. Operational excellence
*  C. Performance efficiency
*  D. Reliability

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The Reliability pillar encompasses the ability of a workload to perform its
intended function correctly and consistently when it's expected to. This includes
the ability to operate and test the workload through its total lifecycle.


**Question 56**

56.  A large enterprise with multiple VPCs in several AWS Regions around the world needs to connect and centrally manage network connectivity between its VPCs. Which AWS service or feature meets these requirements?
*  A. AWS Direct Connect
*  B. AWS Transit Gateway
*  C. AWS Site-to-Site VPN
*  D. VPC endpoints

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Transit Gateway routes all traffic to and from each VPC or VPN, and you
have one place to manage and monitor it all.


**Question 57**

57.  Which AWS service supports the creation of visual reports from AWS Cost and Usage Report data?
*  A. Amazon Athena
*  B. Amazon QuickSight
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. AWS Organizations

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Athena is a serverless query service that you can use to analyze the data from your
AWS Cost and Usage Reports (AWS CUR) in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) using
standard SQL. This helps you avoid having to create your own data warehouse solutions to
query AWS CUR data.


**Question 58**

58.  Which AWS service should be used to monitor Amazon EC2 instances for CPUand network utilization?
*  A. Amazon Inspector
*  B. AWS CloudTrail
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** C

**Explanation**


**Question 59**

59.  A company is preparing to launch a new web store that is expected to receive high traffic for an upcoming event. The web store runs only on AWS, and the company has an AWS Enterprise Support plan. Which AWS resource will provide guidance about how the company should scale its architecture and operational support during the event?
*  A. AWS Abuse team
*  B. The designated AWS technical account manager (TAM)
*  C. AWS infrastructure event management
*  D. AWS Professional Services

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
A Technical Account Manager (TAM) is your designated technical point of contact who helps you
onboard, provides advocacy and guidance to help plan and build solutions using best practices,
coordinates access to subject matter experts, assists with case management, presents insights and
recommendations on your AWS spend, workload optimization, and event management, and
proactively keeps your AWS environment healthy.


**Question 60**

60.  A user wants to deploy a service to the AWS Cloud by using infrastructure-as-code (IaC) principles.Which AWS service can be used to meet this requirement?
*  A. AWS Systems Manager
*  B. AWS CloudFormation
*  C. AWS CodeCommit
*  D. AWS config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 61**

61.  A company that has multiple business units wants to centrally manage and govern its AWS Cloud environments. The company wants to automate the creation of AWS accounts, apply service control policies (SCPs), and simplify billing processes. Which AWS service or tool should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS Organizations
*  B. Cost Explorer
*  C. AWS Budgets
*  D. AWS Trusted Advisor

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Organizations is an account management service that enables you to
consolidate multiple AWS accounts into an organization that you create and
centrally manage.


**Question 62**

62.  Which IT controls do AWS and the customer share, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)
*  A. Physical and environmental controls
*  B. patch management
*  C. Cloud awareness and training
*  D. Zone security
*  E. Application data encryption

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Shared Controls - Controls which apply to both the infrastructure layer and customer layers, but in
completely separate contexts or perspectives. In a shared control, AWS provides the requirements for
the infrastructure and the customer must provide their own control implementation within their use of
AWS services. Examples include: Patch Management - AWS is responsible for patching and fixing flaws
within the infrastructure, but customers are responsible for patching their guest OS and applications.
Configuration Management - AWS maintains the configuration of its infrastructure devices, but a
customer is responsible for configuring their own guest operating systems, databases, and applications.
Awareness & Training - AWS trains AWS employees, but a customer must train their own employees.


**Question 63**

63.  A company is launching an application in the AWS Cloud. The application will use Amazon S3storage. A large team of researchers will have shared access to the data. The company must be able to recover data that is accidentally overwritten or deleted. Which S3 feature should the company turn on to meet this requirement?
*  A. Server access logging
*  B. S3 Versioning
*  C. S3 Lifecycle rules
*  D. Encryption in transit and at rest

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Versioning-enabled buckets can help you recover objects from accidental deletion or overwrite.
For example, if you delete an object, Amazon S3 inserts a delete marker instead of removing the
object permanently. The delete marker becomes the current object version. If you overwrite an
object, it results in a new object version in the bucket. You can always restore the previous
version.


**Question 64**

64.  A manufacturing company has a critical application that runs at a remote site that has a slow internet connection. The company wants to migrate the workload to AWS. The application is sensitive to latency and interruptions in connectivity. The company wants a solution that can host this application with minimum latency. Which AWS service or feature should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. Availability Zones
*  B. AWS Local Zones
*  C. AWS Wavelength
*  D. AWS Outposts

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Local Zones are a type of AWS infrastructure deployment that place
compute, storage, database, and other select services closer to large population,
industry, and IT centers, enabling you to deliver applications that require single-
digit millisecond latency to end-users.


**Question 65**

65.  A company wants to migrate its applications from its on-premises data center to a VPC in the AWS Cloud. These applications will need to access on-premises resources. Which actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
*  A. Use AWS Service Catalog to identify a list of on-premises resources that can be migrated.
*  B. Create a VPN connection between an on-premises device and a virtual private gateway in the VPC.
*  C. Use an Amazon CloudFront distribution and configure it to accelerate content delivery close to the on-premises resources.
*  D. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises data center and AWS.
*  E. Use Amazon CloudFront to restrict access to static web content provided through the on-premises web
*  F.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
scenario requieres 2 main objectives. (I) migrate its applications and (2) access on-premises
resources, option A meets the first and D the second


**Question 66**

66.  A company wants to use the AWS Cloud to provide secure access to desktop applications that are running in a fully managed environment. Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?
*  A. Amazon S3
*  B. Amazon Appstream 2.0
*  C. AWS AppSync
*  D. AWS Outposts

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AppStream 2.0 is a fully managed, secure application streaming service that allows you to
stream desktop applications from AWS to an HTML 5 compatible web browser, without
rewriting them.


**Question 67**

67.  A company wants to implement threat detection on its AWS infrastructure. However, the company does not want to deploy additional software. Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. Amazon VPC
*  B. Amazon EC2
*  C. Amazon GuardDuty
*  D. AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon GuardDuty is a continuous security monitoring service that analyzes and processes data sources
such as AWS CloudTrail data events for Amazon S3 logs, CloudTrail management event logs, DNS logs,
Amazon EBS volume data, Kubernetes audit logs, and Amazon VPC flow logs. It uses threat intelligence
feeds, such as lists of malicious IP addresses and domains, and machine learning to identify unexpected,
potentially unauthorized, and malicious activity within your AWS environment.


**Question 68**

68.  Which AWS service uses edge locations?
*  A. Amazon Aurora
*  B. AWS Global Accelerator
*  C. Amazon Connect
*  D. AWS Outposts

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Global Accelerator combines advanced networking features with the
dedicated AWS Global Network to improve your application network performance by up to
60%. TCP connections are terminated at the AWS Edge location closest to your users, instead
of at your endpoint, accelerating data transfers globally.


**Question 69**

69.  A company needs to install an application in a Docker container.Which AWS service eliminates the need to provision and manage the container hosts?
*  A. AWS Fargate
*  B. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
*  C. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
*  D. Amazon EC2

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) is a highly scalable and fast
container management service. You can use it to run, stop, and manage containers on
a cluster. With Amazon ECS, your containers are defined in a task definition that you
use to run an individual task or task within a service.


**Question 70**

70.  Which AWS service or feature checks access policies and offers actionable recommendations to help users set secure and functional policies?
*  A. AWS Systems Manager
*  B. AWS IAM Access Analyzer
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Amazon GuardDuty

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
For some AWS services, such as Amazon EC2, IAM Access Analyzer can identify
the actions found in your CloudTrail events and lists the actions used in the
policy it generates.


**Question 71**

71.  A company has a fleet of cargo ships. The cargo ships have sensors that collect data at sea,where there is intermittent or no internet connectivity. The company needs to collect, format, and process the data at sea and move the data to AWS later. Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS 10T Core
*  B. Amazon Lightsail
*  C. AWS Storage Gateway
*  D. AWS Snowball Edge

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service that gives you on-premises access to
virtually unlimited cloud storage. You can use Storage Gateway to simplify storage
management and reduce costs for key hybrid cloud storage use cases. These include moving
backups to the cloud, using on-premises file shares backed by cloud storage, and providing
low-latency access to data in AWS for on-premises applications.


**Question 72**

72.  A retail company needs to build a highly available architecture for a new ecommerce platform.The company is using only AWS services that replicate data across multiple Availability Zones. Which AWS services should the company use to meet this requirement? (Choose two.)
*  A. Amazon EC2
*  B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
*  C. Amazon Aurora
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB
*  E. Amazon Redshift

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
Amazon EBS volumes are placed in a specific Availability Zone where they are automatically
replicated to protect you from the failure of a single component. All EBS volume types offer
durable snapshot capabilities and are designed for 99.999% availability.


**Question 73**

73.  Which characteristic of the AWS Cloud helps users eliminate underutilized CPU capacity?
*  A. Agility
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. Reliability
*  D. Durability

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
the process of getting the resources dynamically when you actually require
them and then release the resources when you are done and do not need
them is known as elasticity. In another way, growing or shrinking the resources
dynamically when needed


**Question 74**

74.  Service control policies (SCPs) manage permissions for which of the following?
*  A. Availability Zones
*  B. AWS Regions
*  C. AWS Organizations
*  D. Edge locations

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
SCPs and tag policies will be used to prevent users in AWS Organizations member accounts from
creating resources


**Question 75**

75.  Which AWS service can be used to encrypt data at rest?
*  A. Amazon GuardDuty
*  B. AWS Shield
*  C. AWS Security Hub
*  D. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Key Management Service (KMS) — AWS KMS is a managed service that enables easy creation
and control of encryption keys used to encrypt data. KMS uses envelope encryption in which data
is encrypted using a data key that is then encrypted using a master key. Master keys can also be
used to encrypt and decrypt up to 4 kilobytes of data. In our solution, I use KMS encrypt/decrypt
APIs to encrypt the encrypted file system's password. See more information about envelope
encryption.


**Question 76**

76.  Which characteristics are advantages of using the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
*  A. A 100% service level agreement (SLA) for all AWS services
*  B. Compute capacity that is adjusted on demand
*  C. Availability of AWS Support for code development
*  D. Enhanced security
*  E. Increases in cost and complexity

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
Top 7 AWS Benefits and Advantages
User-friendly
Flexible
Secure
Cost-effective
Reliable
Scalable and Elastic
Highly Performant


**Question 77**

77.  A user is storing objects in Amazon S3. The user needs to restrict access to the objects to meet compliance obligations. What should the user do to meet this requirement?
*  A. Use AWS Secrets Manager.
*  B. Tag the objects in the S3 bucket.
*  C. Use security groups.
*  D. Use network ACLs.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A network access control list (NACL) is an optional layer of security for your VPC that
acts as a firewall for controlling traffic in and out of one or more subnets.


**Question 78**

78.  A company wants to convert video files and audio files from their source format into a format that will play on smartphones, tablets, and web browsers. Which AWS service will meet these requirements?
*  A. Amazon Elastic Transcoder
*  B. Amazon Comprehend
*  C. AWS Glue
*  D. Amazon Rekognition

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Elastic Transcoder lets you convert media files
that you have stored in Amazon Simple Storage Service
(Amazon S3) into media files in the formats required by
consumer playback devices.


**Question 79**

79.  Which of the following are benefits of Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling? (Choose two.)
*  A. Improved health and availability of applications
*  B. Reduced network latency
*  C. Optimized performance and costs
*  D. Automated snapshots of data
*  E. Cross-Region Replication

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**


**Question 80**

80.  A company has several departments. Each department has its own AWS accounts for its applications. The company wants all AWS costs on a single invoice to simplify payment, but the company wants to know the costs that each department is incurring. Which AWS tool or feature will provide this functionality?
*  A. AWS Cost and Usage Reports
*  B. Consolidated billing
*  C. Savings Plans
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Organizations provides consolidated billing so that you can track the combined costs of all the
member accounts in your organization.


**Question 81**

81.  A company runs its workloads on premises. The company wants to forecast the cost of running a large application on AWS. Which AWS service or tool can the company use to obtain this information?
*  A. AWS Pricing Calculator
*  B. AWS Budgets
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Cost Explorer

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Cost Explorer's cost forecast capabilities use machine learning to learn each
customer's historical spend patterns, and use that information to forecast
expected costs. You can generate your cost and usage forecasts via Cost
Explorer's user interface, or explore your cost and usage data programmatically
via the AWS Cost Explorer API.


**Question 82**

82.  A company wants to eliminate the need to guess infrastructure capacity before deployments. The company also wants to spend its budget on cloud resources only as the company uses the resources. Which advantage of the AWS Cloud matches the company's requirements?
*  A. Reliability
*  B. Global reach
*  C. Economies of scale
*  D. pay-as-you-go pricing

**Answer** D

**Explanation**


**Question 83**

83.  Which AWS service supports a hybrid architecture that gives users the ability to extend AWS infrastructure, AWS services, APIs, and tools to data centers, co- location environments, or on-premises facilities?
*  A. AWS Snowmobile
*  B. AWS Local Zones
*  C. AWS Outposts
*  D. AWS Fargate

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Outposts is a family of fully managed solutions delivering AWS infrastructure and
services to virtually any on-premises or edge location for a truly consistent hybrid
experience. Outposts solutions allow you to extend and run native AWS services on premises,
and is available in a variety of form factors, from IU and 2U Outposts servers to 42U Outposts
racks, and multiple rack deployments.


**Question 84**

84.  A company has a physical tape library to store data backups. The tape library is running out of space.The company needs to extend the tape library's capacity to the AWS Cloud. Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?
*  A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
*  B. Amazon S3
*  C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
*  D. AWS Storage Gateway

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Storage Gateway is a set of hybrid cloud storage services that provide
on-premises access to virtually unlimited cloud storage.


**Question 85**

85.  An online retail company has seasonal sales spikes several times a year, primarily around holidays.Demand is lower at other times. The company finds it difficult to predict the increasing infrastructure demand for each season. Which advantages of moving to the AWS Cloud would MOST benefit the company? (Choose two.)
*  A. Global footprint
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. AWS service quotas
*  D. AWS shared responsibility model
*  E. Pay-as-you-go pricing

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
Six advantages of cloud computing
Trade fixed expense for variable expense
Benefit from massive economies of scale
Stop guessing capacity
Increase speed and agility
Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers
Go global in minutes


**Question 86**

86.  Which AWS service can be used to turn text into lifelike speech?
*  A. Amazon Polly
*  B. Amazon Kendra
*  C. Amazon Rekognition
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Polly uses deep learning technologies to synthesize natural-sounding human speech, so you
can convert articles to speech. With dozens of lifelike voices across a broad set of languages, use
Amazon Polly to build speech-activated applications.


**Question 87**

87.  Which AWS service or tool can be used to capture information about inbound and outbound traffic in an Amazon VPC?
*  A. VPC Flow Logs
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. VPC endpoint services
*  D. NAT gateway

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
VPC Flow Logs is a feature that enables you to capture information about the IP traffic
going to and from network interfaces in your VPC.


**Question 88**

88.  A company wants to ensure that two Amazon EC2 instances are in separate data centers with minimal communication latency between the data centers. How can the company meet this requirement?
*  A. Place the EC2 instances in two separate AWS Regions connected with a VPC peering connection.
*  B. Place the EC2 instances in two separate Availability Zones within the same AWS Region.
*  C. Place one EC2 instance on premises and the other in an AWS Region. Then connect them by using an AWS VPN connection.
*  D. Place both EC2 instances in a placement group for dedicated bandwidth.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 89**

89.  In which situations should a company create an IAM user instead of an IAM role? (Choose two.)
*  A. When an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances requires access to other AWS services
*  B. When the company creates AWS access credentials for individuals
*  C. When the company creates an application that runs on a mobile phone that makes requests to AWS
*  D. When the company needs to add users to IAM groups
*  E. When users are authenticated in the corporate network and want to be able to use AWS without having to sign in a second time

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**


**Question 90**

90.  Which AWS services should a company use to read and write data that changes frequently?(Choose two.)
*  A. Amazon S3 Glacier
*  B. Amazon RDS
*  C. AWS Snowball
*  D. Amazon Redshift
*  E. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**


**Question 91**

91.  Which AWS service is used to provide encryption for Amazon EBS?
*  A. AWS Certificate Manager
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. AWS KMS
*  D. AWS config

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Key Management Service (KMS) makes it easy for you to create and manage
cryptographic keys and control their use across a wide range of AWS services and in your
applications. AWS KMS is a secure and resilient service that uses hardware security
modules that have been validated under FIPS 140-2, or are in the process of being
validated, to protect your keys. AWS KMS is integrated with AWS CloudTraiI to provide
you with logs of all key usage to help meet your regulatory and compliance needs.


**Question 92**

92.  Which AWS services make use of global edge locations? (Choose two.)
*  A. AWS Fargate
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. AWS Global Accelerator
*  D. AWS Wavelength
*  E. Amazon VPC

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a web service that speeds up distribution of your static and dynamic web
content, such as .html, .css, .js, and image files, to your users. CloudFront delivers your content
through a worldwide network of data centers called edge locations.
AWS Global Accelerator is a networking service that improves the performance of your
users' traffic by up to 60% using Amazon Web Services' global network infrastructure.
When the internet is congested, AWS Global Accelerator optimizes the path to your
application to keep packet loss, jitter, and latency consistently low.


**Question 93**

93.  A company is operating several factories where it builds products. The company needs the ability to process data, store data, and run applications with local system interdependencies that require low latency. Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS IOT Greengrass
*  B. AWS Lambda
*  C. AWS Outposts
*  D. AWS Snowball Edge

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Lambda is a compute service that lets you run code without provisioning or managing
servers. Lambda runs your code on a high-availability compute infrastructure and
performs all of the administration of the compute resources, including server and
operating system maintenance, capacity provisioning and automatic scaling, and logging.
With Lambda, you can run code for virtually any type of application or backend service


**Question 94**

94.  Which of the following is a recommended design principle for AWS Cloud architecture?
*  A. Design tightly coupled components.
*  B. Build a single application component that can handle all the application functionality.
*  C. Make large changes on fewer iterations to reduce chances of failure.
*  D. Avoid monolithic architecture by segmenting workloads.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
large changes are made by iterations which means not
by once, but in steps.


**Question 95**

95.  A company is designing its AWS workloads so that components can be updated regularly and so that changes can be made in small, reversible increments. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this design support?
*  A. Security
*  B. Performance efficiency
*  C. Operational excellence
*  D. Reliability

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Design principles for operational excellence in the cloud include performing operations
as code, annotating documentation, anticipating failure, and frequently making small,
reversible changes.


**Question 96**

96.  Which of the following acts as an instance-level firewall to control inbound and outbound access?
*  A. Network access control list
*  B. Security groups
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Virtual private gateways

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Security group Operates at the instance level, while
Network ACL Operates at the subnet level.


**Question 97**

97.  A company has a workload that will run continuously for I year. The workload cannot tolerate service interruptions. Which Amazon EC2 purchasing option will be MOST cost-effective?
*  A. All Upfront Reserved Instances
*  B. Partial Upfront Reserved Instances
*  C. Dedicated Instances
*  D. On-Demand Instances

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
With the All Upfront option, you pay for the entire Reserved Instance term
with one upfront payment. This option provides you with the largest
discount compared to On-Demand Instance pricing.


**Question 98**

98.  Which AWS service helps protect against DDoS attacks?
*  A. AWS Shield
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. Amazon GuardDuty
*  D. Amazon Detective

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Shield Standard and AWS Shield Advanced provide protections against Distributed Denial of
Service (DDoS) attacks for AWS resources at the network and transport layers (layer 3 and 4) and the
application layer (layer 7). A DDoS attack is an attack in which multiple compromised systems try to
flood a target with traffic. A DDoS attack can prevent legitimate end users from accessing the target
services and can cause the target to crash due to overwhelming traffic volume.


**Question 99**

99.  Using AWS Config to record, audit, and evaluate changes to AWS resources to enable traceability is an example of which AWS Well-Architected Framework pillar?
*  A. Security
*  B. Operational excellence
*  C. Performance efficiency
*  D. Cost optimization

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 100**

100.  Which AWS tool or feature acts as a VPC firewall at the subnet level?
*  A. Security group
*  B. Network ACL
*  C. Traffic Mirroring
*  D. Internet gateway

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS VPC has security groups that act as an instance-level firewall and network
ACLS that act as a subnet-level firewall. These advanced security features allow
you to configure rules for incoming and outgoing traffic for your instances and
subnets in your VPC.


**Question 101**

101.  Which AWS service can be used to decouple applications?
*  A. AWS Config
*  B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
*  C. AWS Batch
*  D. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS SQS As one of the oldest services at AWS, SQS has a track record of providing
an extremely simple and effective decoupling mechanism. The entire service is
based on sending messages to the queue and allowing for applications (ex. ECS
containers, Lambda functions) to poll for messages and process them.


**Question 102**

102.  Which disaster recovery option is the LEAST expensive?
*  A. Warm standby
*  B. Multisite
*  C. Backup and restore
*  D. Pilot light

**Answer** C

**Explanation**


**Question 103**

103.  Which type of AWS storage is ephemeral and is deleted when an Amazon EC2instance is stopped or terminated?
*  A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
*  B. Amazon EC2 instance store
*  C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
*  D. Amazon S3

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
When you stop or terminate an instance, every block of storage in the instance store is reset.
Therefore, your data cannot be accessed through the instance store of another instance.


**Question 104**

104.  Which of the following is a characteristic of the AWS account root user?
*  A. The root user is the only user that can be configured with multi-factor authentication (MFA).
*  B. The root user is the only user that can access the AWS Management Console.
*  C. The root user is the first sign-in identity that is available when an AWS account is created.
*  D. The root user has a password that cannot be changed.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS account root user
PDF I Kindle RSS
When you first create an Amazon Web Services (AWS) account, you begin with one identity
that has complete access to all AWS services and resources in the account. This identity is
called the AWS account root user. You can sign in as the root user using the email address and
password that you used to create the account.


**Question 105**

105.  A company hosts an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance needs to access several AWS resources, including Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB. What is the MOST operationally efficient solution to delegate permissions?
*  A. Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the EC2 instance.
*  B. Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key in the application.
*  C. Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key to create a CLI profile in the EC2 instance
*  D. Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the administrative IAM user.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 106**

106.  Which of the following is a component of the AWS Global Infrastructure?
*  A. Amazon Alexa
*  B. AWS Regions
*  C. Amazon Lightsail
*  D. AWS Organizations

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon cloud computing resources are hosted in multiple locations world-wide. These locations
are composed of AWS Regions, Availability Zones, and Local Zones. Each AWS Region is a separate
geographic area. Each AWS Region has multiple, isolated locations known as Availability Zones.


**Question 107**

107.  What is the purpose of having an internet gateway within a VPC?
*  A. To create a VPN connection to the VPC
*  B. To allow communication between the VPC and the internet
*  C. To impose bandwidth constraints on internet traffic
*  D. To load balance traffic from the internet across Amazon EC2 instances

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
An internet gateway is a horizontally scaled, redundant, and highly
available VPC component that allows communication between your VPC
and the internet.


**Question 108**

108.  Which AWS service allows users to download security and compliance reports about the AWS infrastructure on demand?
*  A. Amazon GuardDuty
*  B. AWS Security Hub
*  C. AWS Artifact
*  D. AWS Shield

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that matters to you. It
provides on-demand access to AWS' security and compliance reports and select online agreements.
Reports available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization Control (SOC) reports, Payment Card
Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation bodies across geographies and compliance
verticals that validate the implementation and operating effectiveness of AWS security controls.
Agreements available in AWS Artifact include the Business Associate Addendum (BAA) and the
Nondisclosure Agreement (NDA).


**Question 109**

109.  A pharmaceutical company operates its infrastructure in a single AWS Region. The company has thousands of VPCs in a various AWS accounts that it wants to interconnect. Which AWS service or feature should the company use to help simplify management and reduce operational costs?
*  A. VPC endpoint
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. AWS Transit Gateway
*  D. VPC peering

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Transit Gateway connects your Amazon Virtual
Private Clouds (VPCs) and on-premises networks
through a central hub.


**Question 110**

110.  A company is planning an infrastructure deployment to the AWS Cloud. Before the deployment, the company wants a cost estimate for running the infrastructure. Which AWS service or feature can provide this information?
*  A. Cost Explorer
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
*  D. AWS Pricing Calculator

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The AWS Pricing Calculator is an estimation tool that provides an approximate cost of using AWS
services based on the usage parameters that you specify. The AWS Pricing Calculator is not a quote
tool, and does not guarantee the cost for your actual use of AWS services. The cost estimated by the
AWS Pricing Calculator may vary from your actual costs for a number of reasons.


**Question 111**

111.  Which AWS service of tool helps to centrally manage billing and allow controlled access to resources across AWS accounts?
*  A. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
*  B. AWS Organizations
*  C. Cost Explorer
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Organizations helps you to centrally manage billing,
control access, compliance, security, and share resources across
your AWS accounts. It is very easy setup and available to all
AWS customers at no additional charge.


**Question 112**

112.  Which of the following are Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) resources?
*  A. Objects; access control lists (ACLs)
*  B. Subnets; internet gateways
*  C. Access policies; buckets
*  D. Groups; roles

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Each VPC defines what your AWS resources need,
including:
IP addresses
Subnets
Routing
Security
Networking functionality


**Question 113**

113.  A company needs to identify the last time that a specific user accessed the AWSManagement Console. Which AWS service will provide this information?
*  A. Amazon Cognito
*  B. AWS CloudTraiI
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. Amazon GuardDuty

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
CloudTrail is enabled on your AWS account when you create it. When activity occurs in
your AWS account, that activity is recorded in a CloudTrail event. You can easily view
recent events in the CloudTraiI console by going to Event history.


**Question 114**

114.  A company launched an Amazon EC2 instance with the latest Amazon Linux 2 Amazon MachineImage (AMI). Which actions can a system administrator take to connect to the EC2 instance? (Choose two.)
*  A. Use Amazon EC2 Instance Connect.
*  B. Use a Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) connection.
*  C. Use AWS Batch
*  D. Use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager.
*  E. Use Amazon Connect

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**


**Question 115**

115.  A company wants to perform sentiment analysis on customer service email messages that it receives. The company wants to identify whether the customer service engagement was positive or negative. Which AWS service should the company use to perform this analysis?
*  A. Amazon Textract
*  B. Amazon Translate
*  C. Amazon Comprehend
*  D. Amazon Rekognition

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Comprehend uses natural language processing (NLP) to extract
insights about the content of documents.


**Question 116**

116.  What is the total amount of storage offered by Amazon S3?
*  A. IOOMB
*  B. Unlimited

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
S3 storage capacity: Unlimited (figuratively) S3 object
size: Minimum of 0 bytes to a maximum of 5 TB


**Question 117**

117.  A company is migrating to Amazon S3. The company needs to transfer 60 TB of data from anon-premises data center to AWS within 10 days. Which AWS service should the company use to accomplish this migration?
*  A. Amazon S3 Glacier
*  B. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
*  C. AWS Snowball
*  D. AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Snowball is a petabyte-scale data transport solution that uses devices designed to be
secure to transfer large amounts of data into and out of the AWS Cloud. Using Snowball
addresses common challenges with large-scale data transfers including high network
costs, long transfer times, and security concerns.


**Question 118**

118.  What type of database is Amazon DynamoDB?
*  A. In-memory
*  B. Relational
*  C. Key-value
*  D. Graph

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed, serverless, key-
value NoSQL database designed to run high-performance
applications at any scale.


**Question 119**

119.  A large organization has a single AWS account.What are the advantages of reconfiguring the single account into multiple AWS accounts? (Choose two.)
*  A. It allows for administrative isolation between different workloads.
*  B. Discounts can be applied on a quarterly basis by submitting cases in the AWS
*  C.
*  D. Transitioning objects from Amazon S3 to Amazon S3 Glacier in separate AWS
*  E.
*  F. Having multiple accounts reduces the risks associated with malicious activity
*  G.
*  H. Amazon QuickSight offers access to a cost tool that provides application-specific
*  I.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**


**Question 120**

120.  A retail company has recently migrated its website to AWS. The company wants to ensure that it is protected from SQL injection attacks. The website uses an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to multiple Amazon EC2 instances. Which AWS service or feature can be used to create a custom rule that blocks SQL injection attacks?
*  A. Security groups
*  B. AWS WAF
*  C. Network ACLs
*  D. AWS Shield

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS WAF uses log files to analyze application activity. It generates attack patterns that
you can use to keep track of the ongoing security threats and their impact on your AWS
account. When AWS WAF launches, it analyzes your app's logs for attack patterns and
blocks malicious requests before they reach your servers.


**Question 121**

121.  Which AWS service provides a feature that can be used to proactively monitor and plan for the service quotas of AWS resources?
*  A. AWS CloudTrail
*  B. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Amazon CloudWatch

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
You can proactively manage your quotas by
configuring Amazon CloudWatch alarms that monitor
usage and alert you to approaching quotas. Service
Quotas also integrates with AWS Organizations to help
you easily set up quotas in new accounts.


**Question 122**

122.  Which of the following is an advantage that users experience when they move on-premises workloads to the AWS Cloud?
*  A. Elimination of expenses for running and maintaining data centers
*  B. Price discounts that are identical to discounts from hardware providers
*  C. Distribution of all operational controls to AWS
*  D. Elimination of operational expenses

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 123**

123.  Which design principle is included in the operational excellence pillar of theAWS Well-Architected Framework?
*  A. Create annotated documentation.
*  B. Anticipate failure.
*  C. Ensure performance efficiency.
*  D. Optimize costs.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Design principles for operational excellence in the cloud include
performing operations as code, annotating documentation, anticipating
failure, and frequently making small, reversible changes.


**Question 124**

124.  Which AWS services offer gateway VPC endpoints that can be used to avoid sending traffic over the internet? (Choose two.)
*  A. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
*  B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
*  C. AWS CodeBuild
*  D. Amazon S3
*  E. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
VPC Endpoints  Endpoints allow you to connect to
AWS Services using a private network instead of the
public www network  This gives you enhanced
security and lower latency to access AWS services  VPC
Endpoint Gateway: S3 & DynamoDB  VPC Endpoint
Interface: the rest


**Question 125**

125.  Which of the following is the customer responsible for updating and patching, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
*  B. Amazon WorkSpaces virtual Windows desktop
*  C. AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory
*  D. Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
It is recommend that you regularly patch, update, and secure the
operating system and applications on your WorkSpaces.


**Question 126**

126.  Who has the responsibility to patch the host operating system of an Amazon EC2instance, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Both AWS and the customer
*  B. The customer only
*  C. The EC2 hardware manufacturer
*  D. AWS only

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
This shared model can help relieve the customer's operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the host operating
system and virtualization layer down to the physical security of the facilities in
which the service operates.


**Question 127**

127.  A company is using an Amazon RDS DB instance for an application that is deployed in the AWSCloud. The company needs regular patching of the operating system of the server where the DB instance runs. What is the company's responsibility in this situation, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Open a support case to obtain administrative access to the server so that the company can patch the DB instance operating system.
*  B. Open a support case and request that AWS patch the DB instance operating system.
*  C. Use administrative access to the server, and apply the operating system patches during the regular maintenance window that is defined for the DB instance.
*  D. Establish a regular maintenance window that tells AWS when to patch the DB instance operating system.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 128**

128.  Why is an AWS Well-Architected review a critical part of the cloud design process?
*  A. A Well-Architected review is mandatory before a workload can run on AWS.
*  B. A Well-Architected review helps identify design gaps and helps evaluate design decisions and related documents.
*  C. A Well-Architected review is an audit mechanism that is a part of requirements for service level agreements.
*  D. A Well-Architected review eliminates the need for ongoing auditing and compliance tests.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 129**

129.  A company implements an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling policy along with an Application LoadBalancer to automatically recover unhealthy applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this action cover?
*  A. Security
*  B. Performance efficiency
*  C. Operational excellence
*  D. Reliability

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The reliability pillar includes the ability of a system to
recover from infrastructure or service disruptions


**Question 130**

130.  Which AWS Cloud benefit is shown by an architecture's ability to withstand failures withminimal downtime?
*  A. Agility
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. Scalability
*  D. High availability

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
High availability minimal downtime recovery quickly from failure.
Agility is about how quickly something is deployed.


**Question 131**

131.  Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the customer's responsibility when managing AWS Lambda functions?
*  A. creating versions of Lambda functions
*  B. Maintaining server and operating systems
*  C. Scaling Lambda resources according to demand
*  D. Updating the Lambda runtime environment

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 132**

132.  What does the AWS Concierge Support team provide?
*  A. A technical expert dedicated to the user
*  B. A primary point of contact for AWS Billing and AWS Support
*  C. A partner to help provide scaling guidance for an event launch
*  D. A dedicated AWS staff member who reviews the user's application architecture

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Support Concierge Included as part of the Enterprise Support plan, the
Support Concierge Team are AWS billing and account experts that specialize
in working with enterprise accounts.


**Question 133**

133.  A company needs to generate reports that can break down cloud costs by product, by company-defined tags, and by hour, day, and month. Which AWS tool should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. Reserved Instance utilization and coverage reports
*  B. Savings Plans utilization reports
*  C. AWS Budgets reports
*  D. AWS Cost and Usage Reports

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
With AWS Cost and Usage Reports (CUR), you can review,
itemize, and organize the most
comprehensive cost and usage data for your account.


**Question 134**

134.  A company has a serverless application that includes an Amazon API Gateway API,an AWS Lambda function, and an Amazon DynamoDB database. Which AWS service can the company use to trace user requests as they move through the application's components?
*  A. AWS CloudTrail
*  B. Amazon CloudWatch
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. AWS x-Ray

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS X-Ray provides a complete view of requests as they travel
through your application and filters visual data across payloads,
functions, traces, services, APIs, and more with no-code and
low-code motions.


**Question 135**

135.  A company needs to set up a petabyte-scale data warehouse in the AWSCloud. Which AWS service will meet this requirement?
*  A. Amazon DynamoDB
*  B. Amazon RDS
*  C. Amazon Redshift
*  D. Amazon ElastiCache

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Redshift is a fast, fully managed, petabyte-scale data warehouse
service that makes it simple and cost-effective to efficiently analyze all your
data using your existing business intelligence tools.


**Question 136**

136.  Which AWS service is always provided at no charge?
*  A. Amazon S3
*  B. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
*  C. Elastic Load Balancers
*  D. AWS WAF

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 137**

137.  A company needs to design an AWS disaster recovery plan to cover multiple geographic areas.Which action will meet this requirement?
*  A. Configure multiple AWS accounts.
*  B. Configure the architecture across multiple Availability Zones in an AWS Region.
*  C. Configure the architecture across multiple AWS Regions.
*  D. Configure the architecture among many edge locations.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**


**Question 138**

138.  Which of the following is a benefit of moving from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud?
*  A. Compute instances can be launched and terminated as needed to optimize costs.
*  B. Compute costs can be viewed in the AWS Billing and Cost Management console.
*  C. Users retain full administrative access to their compute instances.
*  D. Users can optimize costs by permanently running enough instances at peak load.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 139**

139.  In which ways does the AWS Cloud offer lower total cost of ownership (TCO) of computing resources than on-premises data centers? (Choose two.)
*  A. AWS replaces upfront capital expenditures with pay-as-you-go costs.
*  B. AWS is designed for high availability, which eliminates user downtime.
*  C. AWS eliminates the need for on-premises IT staff.
*  D. AWS uses economies of scale to continually reduce prices.
*  E. AWS offers a single pricing model for Amazon EC2 instances.

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**


**Question 140**

140.  Which AWS service monitors AWS accounts for security threats?
*  A. Amazon GuardDuty
*  B. AWS Secrets Manager
*  C. Amazon Cognito
*  D. AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon GuardDuty is a threat detection service that
continuously monitors your AWS accounts and
workloads for malicious activity and delivers detailed
security findings for visibility and remediation


**Question 141**

141.  Which benefit is included with an AWS Enterprise Support plan?
*  A. AWS Partner Network (APN) support at no cost.
*  B. Designated support from an AWS technical account manager (TAM)
*  C. On-site support from AWS engineers
*  D. AWS managed compliance as code with AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
With Enterprise Support, you get 24x7 technical support from high-quality engineers, tools and
technology to automatically manage health of your environment, consultative architectural
guidance delivered in the context of your applications and use-cases, and a designated Technical
Account Manager (TAM) to coordinate access to proactive / preventative programs and AWS
subject matter experts. AWS Enterprise Support is recommended if you have business and/or
mission critical workloads in AWS.


**Question 142**

142.  Which task does AWS perform automatically?
*  A. Encrypt data that is stored in Amazon DynamoDB.
*  B. Patch Amazon EC2 instances.
*  C. Encrypt user network traffic.
*  D. Create TLS certificates for users' websites.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Encryption in DynamoDB tables is by default.


**Question 143**

143.  Which AWS service or tool can a company use to visualize, understand, and manage AWS spending and usage over time?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. Amazon CloudWatch
*  C. Cost Explorer
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** C

**Explanation**


**Question 144**

144.  A company wants to deploy some of its resources in the AWS Cloud. To meet regulatory requirements, the data must remain local and on premises. There must be low latency between AWS and the company resources. Which AWS service or feature can be used to meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS Local Zones
*  B. Availability Zones
*  C. AWS Outposts
*  D. AWS Wavelength Zones

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Local Zone : Run low-latency applications at the edge Build and deploy
applications close to end users to enable real-time gaming, live streaming,
augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR), virtual workstations, and more. Simplify
hybrid cloud migrations Migrate your applications to a nearby AWS Local Zone, while
still meeting the low-latency requirements of hybrid deployment.


**Question 145**

145.  A company requires an isolated environment within AWS for security purposes.Which action can be taken to accomplish this?
*  A. Create a separate Availability Zone to host the resources.
*  B. Create a separate VPC to host the resources.
*  C. Create a placement group to host the resources.
*  D. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between the company and AWS.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network in your own
logically isolated area in the AWS Cloud. Use separate VPCs to
isolate infrastructure by workload or organizational entity.

