# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Latest Real Exam - 13



**Question 51**

51.  Which AWS service uses machine learning to help discover, monitor, and protect sensitive data that is stored in Amazon S3 buckets?
*  A. AWS Shield
*  B. Amazon Macie
*  C. AWS Network Firewall
*  D. Amazon Cognito

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon Macie is a data security and data privacy service that uses machine learning
(ML) and pattern matching to discover and protect your sensitive data.


**Question 52**

52.  A company wants to improve the overall availability and performance of its applications that are hosted on AWS. Which AWS service should the company use?
*  A. Amazon Connect
*  B. Amazon Lightsail
*  C. AWS Global Accelerator
*  D. AWS Storage Gateway

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Global Accelerator is a networking service that improves the performance of your
users' traffic by up to 60% using Amazon Web Services' global network infrastructure.
When the internet is congested, AWS Global Accelerator optimizes the path to your
application to keep packet loss, jitter, and latency consistently low.


**Question 53**

53.  Which AWS service or feature identifies whether an Amazon S3 bucket or an IAM role has been shared with an external entity?
*  A. AWS Service Catalog
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. AWS IAM Access Analyzer
*  D. AWS Organizations

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Access Analyzer helps you identify the resources in your organization and accounts,
such as Amazon S3 buckets or IAM roles, shared with an external entity. This lets you
identify unintended access to your resources and data, which is a security risk.


**Question 54**

54.  A company does not want to rely on elaborate forecasting to determine its usage of compute resources. Instead, the company wants to pay only for the resources that it uses. The company also needs the ability to increase or decrease its resource usage to meet business requirements. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework aligns with these requirements?
*  A. Operational excellence
*  B. Security
*  C. Reliability
*  D. Cost optimization

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The cost optimization pillar focuses on avoiding unnecessary costs. Key topics include
understanding spending over time and controlling fund allocation, selecting resources of the right
type and quantity, and scaling to meet business needs without overspending.


**Question 55**

55.  A company wants to launch its workload on AWS and requires the system to automatically recover from failure. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework includes this requirement?
*  A. Cost optimization
*  B. Operational excellence
*  C. Performance efficiency
*  D. Reliability

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The Reliability pillar encompasses the ability of a workload to perform its
intended function correctly and consistently when it's expected to. This includes
the ability to operate and test the workload through its total lifecycle.


**Question 56**

56.  A large enterprise with multiple VPCs in several AWS Regions around the world needs to connect and centrally manage network connectivity between its VPCs. Which AWS service or feature meets these requirements?
*  A. AWS Direct Connect
*  B. AWS Transit Gateway
*  C. AWS Site-to-Site VPN
*  D. VPC endpoints

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Transit Gateway routes all traffic to and from each VPC or VPN, and you
have one place to manage and monitor it all.


**Question 57**

57.  Which AWS service supports the creation of visual reports from AWS Cost and Usage Report data?
*  A. Amazon Athena
*  B. Amazon QuickSight
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. AWS Organizations

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Athena is a serverless query service that you can use to analyze the data from your
AWS Cost and Usage Reports (AWS CUR) in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) using
standard SQL. This helps you avoid having to create your own data warehouse solutions to
query AWS CUR data.


**Question 58**

58.  Which AWS service should be used to monitor Amazon EC2 instances for CPUand network utilization?
*  A. Amazon Inspector
*  B. AWS CloudTrail
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** C

**Explanation**


**Question 59**

59.  A company is preparing to launch a new web store that is expected to receive high traffic for an upcoming event. The web store runs only on AWS, and the company has an AWS Enterprise Support plan. Which AWS resource will provide guidance about how the company should scale its architecture and operational support during the event?
*  A. AWS Abuse team
*  B. The designated AWS technical account manager (TAM)
*  C. AWS infrastructure event management
*  D. AWS Professional Services

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
A Technical Account Manager (TAM) is your designated technical point of contact who helps you
onboard, provides advocacy and guidance to help plan and build solutions using best practices,
coordinates access to subject matter experts, assists with case management, presents insights and
recommendations on your AWS spend, workload optimization, and event management, and
proactively keeps your AWS environment healthy.


**Question 60**

60.  A user wants to deploy a service to the AWS Cloud by using infrastructure-as-code (IaC) principles.Which AWS service can be used to meet this requirement?
*  A. AWS Systems Manager
*  B. AWS CloudFormation
*  C. AWS CodeCommit
*  D. AWS config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 61**

61.  A company that has multiple business units wants to centrally manage and govern its AWS Cloud environments. The company wants to automate the creation of AWS accounts, apply service control policies (SCPs), and simplify billing processes. Which AWS service or tool should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS Organizations
*  B. Cost Explorer
*  C. AWS Budgets
*  D. AWS Trusted Advisor

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Organizations is an account management service that enables you to
consolidate multiple AWS accounts into an organization that you create and
centrally manage.


**Question 62**

62.  Which IT controls do AWS and the customer share, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)
*  A. Physical and environmental controls
*  B. patch management
*  C. Cloud awareness and training
*  D. Zone security
*  E. Application data encryption

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Shared Controls - Controls which apply to both the infrastructure layer and customer layers, but in
completely separate contexts or perspectives. In a shared control, AWS provides the requirements for
the infrastructure and the customer must provide their own control implementation within their use of
AWS services. Examples include: Patch Management - AWS is responsible for patching and fixing flaws
within the infrastructure, but customers are responsible for patching their guest OS and applications.
Configuration Management - AWS maintains the configuration of its infrastructure devices, but a
customer is responsible for configuring their own guest operating systems, databases, and applications.
Awareness & Training - AWS trains AWS employees, but a customer must train their own employees.


**Question 63**

63.  A company is launching an application in the AWS Cloud. The application will use Amazon S3storage. A large team of researchers will have shared access to the data. The company must be able to recover data that is accidentally overwritten or deleted. Which S3 feature should the company turn on to meet this requirement?
*  A. Server access logging
*  B. S3 Versioning
*  C. S3 Lifecycle rules
*  D. Encryption in transit and at rest

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Versioning-enabled buckets can help you recover objects from accidental deletion or overwrite.
For example, if you delete an object, Amazon S3 inserts a delete marker instead of removing the
object permanently. The delete marker becomes the current object version. If you overwrite an
object, it results in a new object version in the bucket. You can always restore the previous
version.


**Question 64**

64.  A manufacturing company has a critical application that runs at a remote site that has a slow internet connection. The company wants to migrate the workload to AWS. The application is sensitive to latency and interruptions in connectivity. The company wants a solution that can host this application with minimum latency. Which AWS service or feature should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. Availability Zones
*  B. AWS Local Zones
*  C. AWS Wavelength
*  D. AWS Outposts

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Local Zones are a type of AWS infrastructure deployment that place
compute, storage, database, and other select services closer to large population,
industry, and IT centers, enabling you to deliver applications that require single-
digit millisecond latency to end-users.


**Question 65**

65.  A company wants to migrate its applications from its on-premises data center to a VPC in the AWS Cloud. These applications will need to access on-premises resources. Which actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
*  A. Use AWS Service Catalog to identify a list of on-premises resources that can be migrated.
*  B. Create a VPN connection between an on-premises device and a virtual private gateway in the VPC.
*  C. Use an Amazon CloudFront distribution and configure it to accelerate content delivery close to the on-premises resources.
*  D. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises data center and AWS.
*  E. Use Amazon CloudFront to restrict access to static web content provided through the on-premises web
*  F.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
scenario requieres 2 main objectives. (I) migrate its applications and (2) access on-premises
resources, option A meets the first and D the second


**Question 66**

66.  A company wants to use the AWS Cloud to provide secure access to desktop applications that are running in a fully managed environment. Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?
*  A. Amazon S3
*  B. Amazon Appstream 2.0
*  C. AWS AppSync
*  D. AWS Outposts

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AppStream 2.0 is a fully managed, secure application streaming service that allows you to
stream desktop applications from AWS to an HTML 5 compatible web browser, without
rewriting them.


**Question 67**

67.  A company wants to implement threat detection on its AWS infrastructure. However, the company does not want to deploy additional software. Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. Amazon VPC
*  B. Amazon EC2
*  C. Amazon GuardDuty
*  D. AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon GuardDuty is a continuous security monitoring service that analyzes and processes data sources
such as AWS CloudTrail data events for Amazon S3 logs, CloudTrail management event logs, DNS logs,
Amazon EBS volume data, Kubernetes audit logs, and Amazon VPC flow logs. It uses threat intelligence
feeds, such as lists of malicious IP addresses and domains, and machine learning to identify unexpected,
potentially unauthorized, and malicious activity within your AWS environment.


**Question 68**

68.  Which AWS service uses edge locations?
*  A. Amazon Aurora
*  B. AWS Global Accelerator
*  C. Amazon Connect
*  D. AWS Outposts

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Global Accelerator combines advanced networking features with the
dedicated AWS Global Network to improve your application network performance by up to
60%. TCP connections are terminated at the AWS Edge location closest to your users, instead
of at your endpoint, accelerating data transfers globally.


**Question 69**

69.  A company needs to install an application in a Docker container.Which AWS service eliminates the need to provision and manage the container hosts?
*  A. AWS Fargate
*  B. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
*  C. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
*  D. Amazon EC2

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) is a highly scalable and fast
container management service. You can use it to run, stop, and manage containers on
a cluster. With Amazon ECS, your containers are defined in a task definition that you
use to run an individual task or task within a service.


**Question 70**

70.  Which AWS service or feature checks access policies and offers actionable recommendations to help users set secure and functional policies?
*  A. AWS Systems Manager
*  B. AWS IAM Access Analyzer
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Amazon GuardDuty

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
For some AWS services, such as Amazon EC2, IAM Access Analyzer can identify
the actions found in your CloudTrail events and lists the actions used in the
policy it generates.


**Question 71**

71.  A company has a fleet of cargo ships. The cargo ships have sensors that collect data at sea,where there is intermittent or no internet connectivity. The company needs to collect, format, and process the data at sea and move the data to AWS later. Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS 10T Core
*  B. Amazon Lightsail
*  C. AWS Storage Gateway
*  D. AWS Snowball Edge

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service that gives you on-premises access to
virtually unlimited cloud storage. You can use Storage Gateway to simplify storage
management and reduce costs for key hybrid cloud storage use cases. These include moving
backups to the cloud, using on-premises file shares backed by cloud storage, and providing
low-latency access to data in AWS for on-premises applications.


**Question 72**

72.  A retail company needs to build a highly available architecture for a new ecommerce platform.The company is using only AWS services that replicate data across multiple Availability Zones. Which AWS services should the company use to meet this requirement? (Choose two.)
*  A. Amazon EC2
*  B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
*  C. Amazon Aurora
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB
*  E. Amazon Redshift

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
Amazon EBS volumes are placed in a specific Availability Zone where they are automatically
replicated to protect you from the failure of a single component. All EBS volume types offer
durable snapshot capabilities and are designed for 99.999% availability.


**Question 73**

73.  Which characteristic of the AWS Cloud helps users eliminate underutilized CPU capacity?
*  A. Agility
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. Reliability
*  D. Durability

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
the process of getting the resources dynamically when you actually require
them and then release the resources when you are done and do not need
them is known as elasticity. In another way, growing or shrinking the resources
dynamically when needed


**Question 74**

74.  Service control policies (SCPs) manage permissions for which of the following?
*  A. Availability Zones
*  B. AWS Regions
*  C. AWS Organizations
*  D. Edge locations

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
SCPs and tag policies will be used to prevent users in AWS Organizations member accounts from
creating resources


**Question 75**

75.  Which AWS service can be used to encrypt data at rest?
*  A. Amazon GuardDuty
*  B. AWS Shield
*  C. AWS Security Hub
*  D. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Key Management Service (KMS) — AWS KMS is a managed service that enables easy creation
and control of encryption keys used to encrypt data. KMS uses envelope encryption in which data
is encrypted using a data key that is then encrypted using a master key. Master keys can also be
used to encrypt and decrypt up to 4 kilobytes of data. In our solution, I use KMS encrypt/decrypt
APIs to encrypt the encrypted file system's password. See more information about envelope
encryption.


**Question 76**

76.  Which characteristics are advantages of using the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
*  A. A 100% service level agreement (SLA) for all AWS services
*  B. Compute capacity that is adjusted on demand
*  C. Availability of AWS Support for code development
*  D. Enhanced security
*  E. Increases in cost and complexity

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
Top 7 AWS Benefits and Advantages
User-friendly
Flexible
Secure
Cost-effective
Reliable
Scalable and Elastic
Highly Performant


**Question 77**

77.  A user is storing objects in Amazon S3. The user needs to restrict access to the objects to meet compliance obligations. What should the user do to meet this requirement?
*  A. Use AWS Secrets Manager.
*  B. Tag the objects in the S3 bucket.
*  C. Use security groups.
*  D. Use network ACLs.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A network access control list (NACL) is an optional layer of security for your VPC that
acts as a firewall for controlling traffic in and out of one or more subnets.


**Question 78**

78.  A company wants to convert video files and audio files from their source format into a format that will play on smartphones, tablets, and web browsers. Which AWS service will meet these requirements?
*  A. Amazon Elastic Transcoder
*  B. Amazon Comprehend
*  C. AWS Glue
*  D. Amazon Rekognition

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Elastic Transcoder lets you convert media files
that you have stored in Amazon Simple Storage Service
(Amazon S3) into media files in the formats required by
consumer playback devices.


**Question 79**

79.  Which of the following are benefits of Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling? (Choose two.)
*  A. Improved health and availability of applications
*  B. Reduced network latency
*  C. Optimized performance and costs
*  D. Automated snapshots of data
*  E. Cross-Region Replication

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**


**Question 80**

80.  A company has several departments. Each department has its own AWS accounts for its applications. The company wants all AWS costs on a single invoice to simplify payment, but the company wants to know the costs that each department is incurring. Which AWS tool or feature will provide this functionality?
*  A. AWS Cost and Usage Reports
*  B. Consolidated billing
*  C. Savings Plans
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Organizations provides consolidated billing so that you can track the combined costs of all the
member accounts in your organization.


**Question 81**

81.  A company runs its workloads on premises. The company wants to forecast the cost of running a large application on AWS. Which AWS service or tool can the company use to obtain this information?
*  A. AWS Pricing Calculator
*  B. AWS Budgets
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Cost Explorer

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Cost Explorer's cost forecast capabilities use machine learning to learn each
customer's historical spend patterns, and use that information to forecast
expected costs. You can generate your cost and usage forecasts via Cost
Explorer's user interface, or explore your cost and usage data programmatically
via the AWS Cost Explorer API.


**Question 82**

82.  A company wants to eliminate the need to guess infrastructure capacity before deployments. The company also wants to spend its budget on cloud resources only as the company uses the resources. Which advantage of the AWS Cloud matches the company's requirements?
*  A. Reliability
*  B. Global reach
*  C. Economies of scale
*  D. pay-as-you-go pricing

**Answer** D

**Explanation**


**Question 83**

83.  Which AWS service supports a hybrid architecture that gives users the ability to extend AWS infrastructure, AWS services, APIs, and tools to data centers, co- location environments, or on-premises facilities?
*  A. AWS Snowmobile
*  B. AWS Local Zones
*  C. AWS Outposts
*  D. AWS Fargate

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Outposts is a family of fully managed solutions delivering AWS infrastructure and
services to virtually any on-premises or edge location for a truly consistent hybrid
experience. Outposts solutions allow you to extend and run native AWS services on premises,
and is available in a variety of form factors, from IU and 2U Outposts servers to 42U Outposts
racks, and multiple rack deployments.


**Question 84**

84.  A company has a physical tape library to store data backups. The tape library is running out of space.The company needs to extend the tape library's capacity to the AWS Cloud. Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?
*  A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
*  B. Amazon S3
*  C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
*  D. AWS Storage Gateway

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Storage Gateway is a set of hybrid cloud storage services that provide
on-premises access to virtually unlimited cloud storage.


**Question 85**

85.  An online retail company has seasonal sales spikes several times a year, primarily around holidays.Demand is lower at other times. The company finds it difficult to predict the increasing infrastructure demand for each season. Which advantages of moving to the AWS Cloud would MOST benefit the company? (Choose two.)
*  A. Global footprint
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. AWS service quotas
*  D. AWS shared responsibility model
*  E. Pay-as-you-go pricing

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
Six advantages of cloud computing
Trade fixed expense for variable expense
Benefit from massive economies of scale
Stop guessing capacity
Increase speed and agility
Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers
Go global in minutes


**Question 86**

86.  Which AWS service can be used to turn text into lifelike speech?
*  A. Amazon Polly
*  B. Amazon Kendra
*  C. Amazon Rekognition
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Polly uses deep learning technologies to synthesize natural-sounding human speech, so you
can convert articles to speech. With dozens of lifelike voices across a broad set of languages, use
Amazon Polly to build speech-activated applications.


**Question 87**

87.  Which AWS service or tool can be used to capture information about inbound and outbound traffic in an Amazon VPC?
*  A. VPC Flow Logs
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. VPC endpoint services
*  D. NAT gateway

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
VPC Flow Logs is a feature that enables you to capture information about the IP traffic
going to and from network interfaces in your VPC.


**Question 88**

88.  A company wants to ensure that two Amazon EC2 instances are in separate data centers with minimal communication latency between the data centers. How can the company meet this requirement?
*  A. Place the EC2 instances in two separate AWS Regions connected with a VPC peering connection.
*  B. Place the EC2 instances in two separate Availability Zones within the same AWS Region.
*  C. Place one EC2 instance on premises and the other in an AWS Region. Then connect them by using an AWS VPN connection.
*  D. Place both EC2 instances in a placement group for dedicated bandwidth.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 89**

89.  In which situations should a company create an IAM user instead of an IAM role? (Choose two.)
*  A. When an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances requires access to other AWS services
*  B. When the company creates AWS access credentials for individuals
*  C. When the company creates an application that runs on a mobile phone that makes requests to AWS
*  D. When the company needs to add users to IAM groups
*  E. When users are authenticated in the corporate network and want to be able to use AWS without having to sign in a second time

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**


**Question 90**

90.  Which AWS services should a company use to read and write data that changes frequently?(Choose two.)
*  A. Amazon S3 Glacier
*  B. Amazon RDS
*  C. AWS Snowball
*  D. Amazon Redshift
*  E. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**


**Question 91**

91.  Which AWS service is used to provide encryption for Amazon EBS?
*  A. AWS Certificate Manager
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. AWS KMS
*  D. AWS config

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Key Management Service (KMS) makes it easy for you to create and manage
cryptographic keys and control their use across a wide range of AWS services and in your
applications. AWS KMS is a secure and resilient service that uses hardware security
modules that have been validated under FIPS 140-2, or are in the process of being
validated, to protect your keys. AWS KMS is integrated with AWS CloudTraiI to provide
you with logs of all key usage to help meet your regulatory and compliance needs.


**Question 92**

92.  Which AWS services make use of global edge locations? (Choose two.)
*  A. AWS Fargate
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. AWS Global Accelerator
*  D. AWS Wavelength
*  E. Amazon VPC

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a web service that speeds up distribution of your static and dynamic web
content, such as .html, .css, .js, and image files, to your users. CloudFront delivers your content
through a worldwide network of data centers called edge locations.
AWS Global Accelerator is a networking service that improves the performance of your
users' traffic by up to 60% using Amazon Web Services' global network infrastructure.
When the internet is congested, AWS Global Accelerator optimizes the path to your
application to keep packet loss, jitter, and latency consistently low.


**Question 93**

93.  A company is operating several factories where it builds products. The company needs the ability to process data, store data, and run applications with local system interdependencies that require low latency. Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS IOT Greengrass
*  B. AWS Lambda
*  C. AWS Outposts
*  D. AWS Snowball Edge

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Lambda is a compute service that lets you run code without provisioning or managing
servers. Lambda runs your code on a high-availability compute infrastructure and
performs all of the administration of the compute resources, including server and
operating system maintenance, capacity provisioning and automatic scaling, and logging.
With Lambda, you can run code for virtually any type of application or backend service


**Question 94**

94.  Which of the following is a recommended design principle for AWS Cloud architecture?
*  A. Design tightly coupled components.
*  B. Build a single application component that can handle all the application functionality.
*  C. Make large changes on fewer iterations to reduce chances of failure.
*  D. Avoid monolithic architecture by segmenting workloads.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
large changes are made by iterations which means not
by once, but in steps.


**Question 95**

95.  A company is designing its AWS workloads so that components can be updated regularly and so that changes can be made in small, reversible increments. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this design support?
*  A. Security
*  B. Performance efficiency
*  C. Operational excellence
*  D. Reliability

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Design principles for operational excellence in the cloud include performing operations
as code, annotating documentation, anticipating failure, and frequently making small,
reversible changes.


**Question 96**

96.  Which of the following acts as an instance-level firewall to control inbound and outbound access?
*  A. Network access control list
*  B. Security groups
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Virtual private gateways

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Security group Operates at the instance level, while
Network ACL Operates at the subnet level.


**Question 97**

97.  A company has a workload that will run continuously for I year. The workload cannot tolerate service interruptions. Which Amazon EC2 purchasing option will be MOST cost-effective?
*  A. All Upfront Reserved Instances
*  B. Partial Upfront Reserved Instances
*  C. Dedicated Instances
*  D. On-Demand Instances

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
With the All Upfront option, you pay for the entire Reserved Instance term
with one upfront payment. This option provides you with the largest
discount compared to On-Demand Instance pricing.


**Question 98**

98.  Which AWS service helps protect against DDoS attacks?
*  A. AWS Shield
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. Amazon GuardDuty
*  D. Amazon Detective

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Shield Standard and AWS Shield Advanced provide protections against Distributed Denial of
Service (DDoS) attacks for AWS resources at the network and transport layers (layer 3 and 4) and the
application layer (layer 7). A DDoS attack is an attack in which multiple compromised systems try to
flood a target with traffic. A DDoS attack can prevent legitimate end users from accessing the target
services and can cause the target to crash due to overwhelming traffic volume.


**Question 99**

99.  Using AWS Config to record, audit, and evaluate changes to AWS resources to enable traceability is an example of which AWS Well-Architected Framework pillar?
*  A. Security
*  B. Operational excellence
*  C. Performance efficiency
*  D. Cost optimization

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 100**

100.  Which AWS tool or feature acts as a VPC firewall at the subnet level?
*  A. Security group
*  B. Network ACL
*  C. Traffic Mirroring
*  D. Internet gateway

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS VPC has security groups that act as an instance-level firewall and network
ACLS that act as a subnet-level firewall. These advanced security features allow
you to configure rules for incoming and outgoing traffic for your instances and
subnets in your VPC.
