# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Latest Real Exam - 14 



**Question 101**

101.  Which AWS service can be used to decouple applications?
*  A. AWS Config
*  B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
*  C. AWS Batch
*  D. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS SQS As one of the oldest services at AWS, SQS has a track record of providing
an extremely simple and effective decoupling mechanism. The entire service is
based on sending messages to the queue and allowing for applications (ex. ECS
containers, Lambda functions) to poll for messages and process them.


**Question 102**

102.  Which disaster recovery option is the LEAST expensive?
*  A. Warm standby
*  B. Multisite
*  C. Backup and restore
*  D. Pilot light

**Answer** C

**Explanation**


**Question 103**

103.  Which type of AWS storage is ephemeral and is deleted when an Amazon EC2instance is stopped or terminated?
*  A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
*  B. Amazon EC2 instance store
*  C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
*  D. Amazon S3

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
When you stop or terminate an instance, every block of storage in the instance store is reset.
Therefore, your data cannot be accessed through the instance store of another instance.


**Question 104**

104.  Which of the following is a characteristic of the AWS account root user?
*  A. The root user is the only user that can be configured with multi-factor authentication (MFA).
*  B. The root user is the only user that can access the AWS Management Console.
*  C. The root user is the first sign-in identity that is available when an AWS account is created.
*  D. The root user has a password that cannot be changed.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS account root user
PDF I Kindle RSS
When you first create an Amazon Web Services (AWS) account, you begin with one identity
that has complete access to all AWS services and resources in the account. This identity is
called the AWS account root user. You can sign in as the root user using the email address and
password that you used to create the account.


**Question 105**

105.  A company hosts an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance needs to access several AWS resources, including Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB. What is the MOST operationally efficient solution to delegate permissions?
*  A. Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the EC2 instance.
*  B. Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key in the application.
*  C. Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key to create a CLI profile in the EC2 instance
*  D. Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the administrative IAM user.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 106**

106.  Which of the following is a component of the AWS Global Infrastructure?
*  A. Amazon Alexa
*  B. AWS Regions
*  C. Amazon Lightsail
*  D. AWS Organizations

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon cloud computing resources are hosted in multiple locations world-wide. These locations
are composed of AWS Regions, Availability Zones, and Local Zones. Each AWS Region is a separate
geographic area. Each AWS Region has multiple, isolated locations known as Availability Zones.


**Question 107**

107.  What is the purpose of having an internet gateway within a VPC?
*  A. To create a VPN connection to the VPC
*  B. To allow communication between the VPC and the internet
*  C. To impose bandwidth constraints on internet traffic
*  D. To load balance traffic from the internet across Amazon EC2 instances

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
An internet gateway is a horizontally scaled, redundant, and highly
available VPC component that allows communication between your VPC
and the internet.


**Question 108**

108.  Which AWS service allows users to download security and compliance reports about the AWS infrastructure on demand?
*  A. Amazon GuardDuty
*  B. AWS Security Hub
*  C. AWS Artifact
*  D. AWS Shield

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that matters to you. It
provides on-demand access to AWS' security and compliance reports and select online agreements.
Reports available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization Control (SOC) reports, Payment Card
Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation bodies across geographies and compliance
verticals that validate the implementation and operating effectiveness of AWS security controls.
Agreements available in AWS Artifact include the Business Associate Addendum (BAA) and the
Nondisclosure Agreement (NDA).


**Question 109**

109.  A pharmaceutical company operates its infrastructure in a single AWS Region. The company has thousands of VPCs in a various AWS accounts that it wants to interconnect. Which AWS service or feature should the company use to help simplify management and reduce operational costs?
*  A. VPC endpoint
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. AWS Transit Gateway
*  D. VPC peering

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Transit Gateway connects your Amazon Virtual
Private Clouds (VPCs) and on-premises networks
through a central hub.


**Question 110**

110.  A company is planning an infrastructure deployment to the AWS Cloud. Before the deployment, the company wants a cost estimate for running the infrastructure. Which AWS service or feature can provide this information?
*  A. Cost Explorer
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
*  D. AWS Pricing Calculator

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The AWS Pricing Calculator is an estimation tool that provides an approximate cost of using AWS
services based on the usage parameters that you specify. The AWS Pricing Calculator is not a quote
tool, and does not guarantee the cost for your actual use of AWS services. The cost estimated by the
AWS Pricing Calculator may vary from your actual costs for a number of reasons.


**Question 111**

111.  Which AWS service of tool helps to centrally manage billing and allow controlled access to resources across AWS accounts?
*  A. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
*  B. AWS Organizations
*  C. Cost Explorer
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Organizations helps you to centrally manage billing,
control access, compliance, security, and share resources across
your AWS accounts. It is very easy setup and available to all
AWS customers at no additional charge.


**Question 112**

112.  Which of the following are Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) resources?
*  A. Objects; access control lists (ACLs)
*  B. Subnets; internet gateways
*  C. Access policies; buckets
*  D. Groups; roles

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Each VPC defines what your AWS resources need,
including:
IP addresses
Subnets
Routing
Security
Networking functionality


**Question 113**

113.  A company needs to identify the last time that a specific user accessed the AWSManagement Console. Which AWS service will provide this information?
*  A. Amazon Cognito
*  B. AWS CloudTraiI
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. Amazon GuardDuty

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
CloudTrail is enabled on your AWS account when you create it. When activity occurs in
your AWS account, that activity is recorded in a CloudTrail event. You can easily view
recent events in the CloudTraiI console by going to Event history.


**Question 114**

114.  A company launched an Amazon EC2 instance with the latest Amazon Linux 2 Amazon MachineImage (AMI). Which actions can a system administrator take to connect to the EC2 instance? (Choose two.)
*  A. Use Amazon EC2 Instance Connect.
*  B. Use a Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) connection.
*  C. Use AWS Batch
*  D. Use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager.
*  E. Use Amazon Connect

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**


**Question 115**

115.  A company wants to perform sentiment analysis on customer service email messages that it receives. The company wants to identify whether the customer service engagement was positive or negative. Which AWS service should the company use to perform this analysis?
*  A. Amazon Textract
*  B. Amazon Translate
*  C. Amazon Comprehend
*  D. Amazon Rekognition

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Comprehend uses natural language processing (NLP) to extract
insights about the content of documents.


**Question 116**

116.  What is the total amount of storage offered by Amazon S3?
*  A. IOOMB
*  B. Unlimited

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
S3 storage capacity: Unlimited (figuratively) S3 object
size: Minimum of 0 bytes to a maximum of 5 TB


**Question 117**

117.  A company is migrating to Amazon S3. The company needs to transfer 60 TB of data from anon-premises data center to AWS within 10 days. Which AWS service should the company use to accomplish this migration?
*  A. Amazon S3 Glacier
*  B. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
*  C. AWS Snowball
*  D. AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Snowball is a petabyte-scale data transport solution that uses devices designed to be
secure to transfer large amounts of data into and out of the AWS Cloud. Using Snowball
addresses common challenges with large-scale data transfers including high network
costs, long transfer times, and security concerns.


**Question 118**

118.  What type of database is Amazon DynamoDB?
*  A. In-memory
*  B. Relational
*  C. Key-value
*  D. Graph

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed, serverless, key-
value NoSQL database designed to run high-performance
applications at any scale.


**Question 119**

119.  A large organization has a single AWS account.What are the advantages of reconfiguring the single account into multiple AWS accounts? (Choose two.)
*  A. It allows for administrative isolation between different workloads.
*  B. Discounts can be applied on a quarterly basis by submitting cases in the AWS
*  C.
*  D. Transitioning objects from Amazon S3 to Amazon S3 Glacier in separate AWS
*  E.
*  F. Having multiple accounts reduces the risks associated with malicious activity
*  G.
*  H. Amazon QuickSight offers access to a cost tool that provides application-specific
*  I.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**


**Question 120**

120.  A retail company has recently migrated its website to AWS. The company wants to ensure that it is protected from SQL injection attacks. The website uses an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to multiple Amazon EC2 instances. Which AWS service or feature can be used to create a custom rule that blocks SQL injection attacks?
*  A. Security groups
*  B. AWS WAF
*  C. Network ACLs
*  D. AWS Shield

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS WAF uses log files to analyze application activity. It generates attack patterns that
you can use to keep track of the ongoing security threats and their impact on your AWS
account. When AWS WAF launches, it analyzes your app's logs for attack patterns and
blocks malicious requests before they reach your servers.


**Question 121**

121.  Which AWS service provides a feature that can be used to proactively monitor and plan for the service quotas of AWS resources?
*  A. AWS CloudTrail
*  B. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Amazon CloudWatch

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
You can proactively manage your quotas by
configuring Amazon CloudWatch alarms that monitor
usage and alert you to approaching quotas. Service
Quotas also integrates with AWS Organizations to help
you easily set up quotas in new accounts.


**Question 122**

122.  Which of the following is an advantage that users experience when they move on-premises workloads to the AWS Cloud?
*  A. Elimination of expenses for running and maintaining data centers
*  B. Price discounts that are identical to discounts from hardware providers
*  C. Distribution of all operational controls to AWS
*  D. Elimination of operational expenses

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 123**

123.  Which design principle is included in the operational excellence pillar of theAWS Well-Architected Framework?
*  A. Create annotated documentation.
*  B. Anticipate failure.
*  C. Ensure performance efficiency.
*  D. Optimize costs.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Design principles for operational excellence in the cloud include
performing operations as code, annotating documentation, anticipating
failure, and frequently making small, reversible changes.


**Question 124**

124.  Which AWS services offer gateway VPC endpoints that can be used to avoid sending traffic over the internet? (Choose two.)
*  A. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
*  B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
*  C. AWS CodeBuild
*  D. Amazon S3
*  E. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
VPC Endpoints  Endpoints allow you to connect to
AWS Services using a private network instead of the
public www network  This gives you enhanced
security and lower latency to access AWS services  VPC
Endpoint Gateway: S3 & DynamoDB  VPC Endpoint
Interface: the rest


**Question 125**

125.  Which of the following is the customer responsible for updating and patching, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
*  B. Amazon WorkSpaces virtual Windows desktop
*  C. AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory
*  D. Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
It is recommend that you regularly patch, update, and secure the
operating system and applications on your WorkSpaces.


**Question 126**

126.  Who has the responsibility to patch the host operating system of an Amazon EC2instance, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Both AWS and the customer
*  B. The customer only
*  C. The EC2 hardware manufacturer
*  D. AWS only

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
This shared model can help relieve the customer's operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the host operating
system and virtualization layer down to the physical security of the facilities in
which the service operates.


**Question 127**

127.  A company is using an Amazon RDS DB instance for an application that is deployed in the AWSCloud. The company needs regular patching of the operating system of the server where the DB instance runs. What is the company's responsibility in this situation, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Open a support case to obtain administrative access to the server so that the company can patch the DB instance operating system.
*  B. Open a support case and request that AWS patch the DB instance operating system.
*  C. Use administrative access to the server, and apply the operating system patches during the regular maintenance window that is defined for the DB instance.
*  D. Establish a regular maintenance window that tells AWS when to patch the DB instance operating system.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 128**

128.  Why is an AWS Well-Architected review a critical part of the cloud design process?
*  A. A Well-Architected review is mandatory before a workload can run on AWS.
*  B. A Well-Architected review helps identify design gaps and helps evaluate design decisions and related documents.
*  C. A Well-Architected review is an audit mechanism that is a part of requirements for service level agreements.
*  D. A Well-Architected review eliminates the need for ongoing auditing and compliance tests.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 129**

129.  A company implements an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling policy along with an Application LoadBalancer to automatically recover unhealthy applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this action cover?
*  A. Security
*  B. Performance efficiency
*  C. Operational excellence
*  D. Reliability

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The reliability pillar includes the ability of a system to
recover from infrastructure or service disruptions


**Question 130**

130.  Which AWS Cloud benefit is shown by an architecture's ability to withstand failures withminimal downtime?
*  A. Agility
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. Scalability
*  D. High availability

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
High availability minimal downtime recovery quickly from failure.
Agility is about how quickly something is deployed.


**Question 131**

131.  Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the customer's responsibility when managing AWS Lambda functions?
*  A. creating versions of Lambda functions
*  B. Maintaining server and operating systems
*  C. Scaling Lambda resources according to demand
*  D. Updating the Lambda runtime environment

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 132**

132.  What does the AWS Concierge Support team provide?
*  A. A technical expert dedicated to the user
*  B. A primary point of contact for AWS Billing and AWS Support
*  C. A partner to help provide scaling guidance for an event launch
*  D. A dedicated AWS staff member who reviews the user's application architecture

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Support Concierge Included as part of the Enterprise Support plan, the
Support Concierge Team are AWS billing and account experts that specialize
in working with enterprise accounts.


**Question 133**

133.  A company needs to generate reports that can break down cloud costs by product, by company-defined tags, and by hour, day, and month. Which AWS tool should the company use to meet these requirements?
*  A. Reserved Instance utilization and coverage reports
*  B. Savings Plans utilization reports
*  C. AWS Budgets reports
*  D. AWS Cost and Usage Reports

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
With AWS Cost and Usage Reports (CUR), you can review,
itemize, and organize the most
comprehensive cost and usage data for your account.


**Question 134**

134.  A company has a serverless application that includes an Amazon API Gateway API,an AWS Lambda function, and an Amazon DynamoDB database. Which AWS service can the company use to trace user requests as they move through the application's components?
*  A. AWS CloudTrail
*  B. Amazon CloudWatch
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. AWS x-Ray

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS X-Ray provides a complete view of requests as they travel
through your application and filters visual data across payloads,
functions, traces, services, APIs, and more with no-code and
low-code motions.


**Question 135**

135.  A company needs to set up a petabyte-scale data warehouse in the AWSCloud. Which AWS service will meet this requirement?
*  A. Amazon DynamoDB
*  B. Amazon RDS
*  C. Amazon Redshift
*  D. Amazon ElastiCache

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Redshift is a fast, fully managed, petabyte-scale data warehouse
service that makes it simple and cost-effective to efficiently analyze all your
data using your existing business intelligence tools.


**Question 136**

136.  Which AWS service is always provided at no charge?
*  A. Amazon S3
*  B. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
*  C. Elastic Load Balancers
*  D. AWS WAF

**Answer** B

**Explanation**


**Question 137**

137.  A company needs to design an AWS disaster recovery plan to cover multiple geographic areas.Which action will meet this requirement?
*  A. Configure multiple AWS accounts.
*  B. Configure the architecture across multiple Availability Zones in an AWS Region.
*  C. Configure the architecture across multiple AWS Regions.
*  D. Configure the architecture among many edge locations.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**


**Question 138**

138.  Which of the following is a benefit of moving from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud?
*  A. Compute instances can be launched and terminated as needed to optimize costs.
*  B. Compute costs can be viewed in the AWS Billing and Cost Management console.
*  C. Users retain full administrative access to their compute instances.
*  D. Users can optimize costs by permanently running enough instances at peak load.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**


**Question 139**

139.  In which ways does the AWS Cloud offer lower total cost of ownership (TCO) of computing resources than on-premises data centers? (Choose two.)
*  A. AWS replaces upfront capital expenditures with pay-as-you-go costs.
*  B. AWS is designed for high availability, which eliminates user downtime.
*  C. AWS eliminates the need for on-premises IT staff.
*  D. AWS uses economies of scale to continually reduce prices.
*  E. AWS offers a single pricing model for Amazon EC2 instances.

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**


**Question 140**

140.  Which AWS service monitors AWS accounts for security threats?
*  A. Amazon GuardDuty
*  B. AWS Secrets Manager
*  C. Amazon Cognito
*  D. AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon GuardDuty is a threat detection service that
continuously monitors your AWS accounts and
workloads for malicious activity and delivers detailed
security findings for visibility and remediation


**Question 141**

141.  Which benefit is included with an AWS Enterprise Support plan?
*  A. AWS Partner Network (APN) support at no cost.
*  B. Designated support from an AWS technical account manager (TAM)
*  C. On-site support from AWS engineers
*  D. AWS managed compliance as code with AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
With Enterprise Support, you get 24x7 technical support from high-quality engineers, tools and
technology to automatically manage health of your environment, consultative architectural
guidance delivered in the context of your applications and use-cases, and a designated Technical
Account Manager (TAM) to coordinate access to proactive / preventative programs and AWS
subject matter experts. AWS Enterprise Support is recommended if you have business and/or
mission critical workloads in AWS.


**Question 142**

142.  Which task does AWS perform automatically?
*  A. Encrypt data that is stored in Amazon DynamoDB.
*  B. Patch Amazon EC2 instances.
*  C. Encrypt user network traffic.
*  D. Create TLS certificates for users' websites.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Encryption in DynamoDB tables is by default.


**Question 143**

143.  Which AWS service or tool can a company use to visualize, understand, and manage AWS spending and usage over time?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. Amazon CloudWatch
*  C. Cost Explorer
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** C

**Explanation**


**Question 144**

144.  A company wants to deploy some of its resources in the AWS Cloud. To meet regulatory requirements, the data must remain local and on premises. There must be low latency between AWS and the company resources. Which AWS service or feature can be used to meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS Local Zones
*  B. Availability Zones
*  C. AWS Outposts
*  D. AWS Wavelength Zones

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Local Zone : Run low-latency applications at the edge Build and deploy
applications close to end users to enable real-time gaming, live streaming,
augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR), virtual workstations, and more. Simplify
hybrid cloud migrations Migrate your applications to a nearby AWS Local Zone, while
still meeting the low-latency requirements of hybrid deployment.


**Question 145**

145.  A company requires an isolated environment within AWS for security purposes.Which action can be taken to accomplish this?
*  A. Create a separate Availability Zone to host the resources.
*  B. Create a separate VPC to host the resources.
*  C. Create a placement group to host the resources.
*  D. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between the company and AWS.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network in your own
logically isolated area in the AWS Cloud. Use separate VPCs to
isolate infrastructure by workload or organizational entity.

