# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Module 11  Introduction


### Learning objectives

In this module, you will learn how to:

* Determine resources for preparing for the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam.
* Describe the benefits of becoming AWS Certified.

### Exam details

#### Exam domains

The AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam includes four domains:

* Cloud Concepts

* Security and Compliance

* Technology

* Billing and Pricing

The areas covered describe each domain in the Exam Guide for the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner certification. For a description of each domain, review the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner website. You are encouraged to read the information in the Exam Guide as part of your preparation for the exam.

Each domain in the exam is weighted. The weight represents the percentage of questions in the exam that correspond to that particular domain. These are approximations, so the questions on your exam may not match these percentages exactly. The exam does not indicate the domain associated with a question. In fact, some questions can potentially fall under multiple domains.

| Domain                            | Percentage of exam  |
|-----------------------------------|---------------------|
| Domain 1: Cloud Concepts          | 26%                 |
| Domain 2: Security and Compliance | 25%                 |
| Domain 3: Technology              | 33%                 |
| Domain 4: Billing and Pricing     | 16%                 |

You are encouraged to use these benchmarks to help you determine how to allocate your time studying for the exam.

#### Recommended experience

Candidates for the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam should have a basic understanding of IT services and their uses in the AWS Cloud platform.

We recommend that you have at least six months of experience with the AWS Cloud in any role, including project managers, IT managers, sales managers, decision makers, and marketers. These roles are in addition to those working in finance, procurement, and legal departments.

#### Exam details

The AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam consists of 65 questions to be completed in 90 minutes. The minimum passing score is 70%.

Two types of questions are included on the exam: multiple choice and multiple response.

A multiple-choice question has one correct response and three incorrect responses, or distractors.
A multiple-response question has two or more correct responses out of five or more options.
On the exam, there is no penalty for guessing. Any questions that you do not answer are scored as incorrect. If you are not sure of what the correct answer is, it’s always best for you to guess instead of leaving any questions unanswered.

The exam enables you to flag any questions that you’d like to review before submitting the exam. This helps you to use your time during the exam efficiently, knowing that you can always go back and review any questions that you were initially unsure of.


#### Whitepapers and resources

As part of your preparation for the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam, we recommend that you review the following whitepapers and resources:

[Overview of Amazon Web Services](https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws-overview.pdf)
[How AWS Pricing Works](http://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws_pricing_overview.pdf)
[Compare AWS Support Plans](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/)


#### Exam strategies

This section explores several strategies that can help you to increase the probability of passing the exam.

**Read the full question**
First, make sure that you read each question in full. Key words or phrases in the question that, if left unread, could result in you selecting an incorrect response option.

**Predict the answer before reviewing the response options**
Next, try to predict the correct answer before looking at any of the response options.

This strategy helps you to draw directly from your knowledge and skills without distraction from incorrect response options. If your prediction turns out to be one of the response options, this can be helpful for knowing whether you’re on the right track. However, make sure that you review all the other response options for that question.

**Eliminate incorrect response options**
Before selecting your response to a question, eliminate any options that you believe to be incorrect.

This strategy helps you to focus on the correct option (or options, for multiple-response questions) and ensure that you have fulfilled all the requirements of the question.