# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Module 12 AWS Well-Architected Framework


### Introduction

The AWS Well-Architected Framework helps you understand the pros and cons of decisions you make while building systems on AWS. Using the Framework helps you learn architectural best practices for designing and operating secure, reliable, efficient, cost-effective, and sustainable workloads in the AWS Cloud. It provides a way for you to consistently measure your architectures against best practices and identify areas for improvement. The process for reviewing an architecture is a constructive conversation about architectural decisions, and is not an audit mechanism. We believe that having well-architected systems greatly increases the likelihood of business success.

AWS Solutions Architects have years of experience architecting solutions across a wide variety of business verticals and use cases. We have helped design and review thousands of customers’ architectures on AWS. From this experience, we have identified best practices and core strategies for architecting systems in the cloud.

The AWS Well-Architected Framework documents a set of foundational questions that allow you to understand if a specific architecture aligns well with cloud best practices. The framework provides a consistent approach to evaluating systems against the qualities you expect from modern cloud-based systems, and the remediation that would be required to achieve those qualities. As AWS continues to evolve, and we continue to learn more from working with our customers, we will continue to refine the definition of well-architected.

This framework is intended for those in technology roles, such as chief technology officers (CTOs), architects, developers, and operations team members. It describes AWS best practices and strategies to use when designing and operating a cloud workload, and provides links to further implementation details and architectural patterns. For more information, see the AWS Well-Architected homepage.

AWS also provides a service for reviewing your workloads at no charge. The AWS Well-Architected Tool (AWS WA Tool) is a service in the cloud that provides a consistent process for you to review and measure your architecture using the AWS Well-Architected Framework. The AWS WA Tool provides recommendations for making your workloads more reliable, secure, efficient, and cost-effective.

To help you apply best practices, we have created AWS Well-Architected Labs, which provides you with a repository of code and documentation to give you hands-on experience implementing best practices. We also have teamed up with select AWS Partner Network (APN) Partners, who are members of the AWS Well-Architected Partner program. These AWS Partners have deep AWS knowledge, and can help you review and improve your workloads.

ased on what we have learned, we have created the AWS Well-Architected Framework, which provides a consistent set of best practices for customers and partners to evaluate architectures, and provides a set of questions you can use to evaluate how well an architecture is aligned to AWS best practices.

The AWS Well-Architected Framework is based on six pillars — operational excellence, security, reliability, performance efficiency, cost optimization, and sustainability.


| Name                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Operational excellence | The ability to support development and run workloads effectively, gain insight into their operations, and to continuously improve supporting processes and procedures to deliver business value.                                                                                                                                         |
| Security               | The security pillar describes how to take advantage of cloud technologies to protect data, systems, and assets in a way that can improve your security posture.                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Reliability            | The reliability pillar encompasses the ability of a workload to perform its intended function correctly and consistently when it’s expected to. This includes the ability to operate and test the workload through its total lifecycle. This paper provides in-depth, best practice guidance for implementing reliable workloads on AWS. |
| Performance efficiency | The ability to use computing resources efficiently to meet system requirements, and to maintain that efficiency as demand changes and technologies evolve.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| Cost optimization      | The ability to run systems to deliver business value at the lowest price point.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Sustainability         | The ability to continually improve sustainability impacts by reducing energy consumption and increasing efficiency across all components of a workload by maximizing the benefits from the provisioned resources and minimizing the total resources required.                                                                            |


Creating a software system is a lot like constructing a building. If the foundation is not solid, structural problems can undermine the integrity and function of the building. When architecting technology solutions, if you neglect the six pillars of operational excellence, security, reliability, performance efficiency, cost optimization, and sustainability, it can become challenging to build a system that delivers on your expectations and requirements. Incorporating these pillars into your architecture will help you produce stable and efficient systems. This will allow you to focus on the other aspects of design, such as functional requirements.

In the AWS Well-Architected Framework, we use these terms:

* A component is the code, configuration, and AWS Resources that together deliver against a requirement. A component is often the unit of technical ownership, and is decoupled from other components.

* The term workload is used to identify a set of components that together deliver business value. A workload is usually the level of detail that business and technology leaders communicate about.

* We think about architecture as being how components work together in a workload. How components communicate and interact is often the focus of architecture diagrams.

* Milestones mark key changes in your architecture as it evolves throughout the product lifecycle (design, implementation, testing, go live, and in production).

Within an organization the technology portfolio is the collection of workloads that are required for the business to operate.

* The level of effort is categorizing the amount of time, effort, and complexity a task requires for implementation. Each organization needs to consider the size and expertise of the team and the complexity of the workload for additional context to properly categorize the level of effort for the organization.

    * High: The work might take multiple weeks or multiple months. This could be broken out into multiple stories, releases, and tasks.

    * Medium: The work might take multiple days or multiple weeks. This could be broken out into multiple releases and tasks.

    * Low: The work might take multiple hours or multiple days. This could be broken out into multiple tasks.

When architecting workloads, you make trade-offs between pillars based on your business context. These business decisions can drive your engineering priorities. You might optimize to improve sustainability impact and reduce cost at the expense of reliability in development environments, or, for mission-critical solutions, you might optimize reliability with increased costs and sustainability impact. In ecommerce solutions, performance can affect revenue and customer propensity to buy. Security and operational excellence are generally not traded-off against the other pillars.


### General design principles

The Well-Architected Framework identifies a set of general design principles to facilitate good design in the cloud:

* **Stop guessing your capacity needs:** If you make a poor capacity decision when deploying a workload, you might end up sitting on expensive idle resources or dealing with the performance implications of limited capacity. With cloud computing, these problems can go away. You can use as much or as little capacity as you need, and scale up and down automatically.

* **Test systems at production scale:** In the cloud, you can create a production-scale test environment on demand, complete your testing, and then decommission the resources. Because you only pay for the test environment when it's running, you can simulate your live environment for a fraction of the cost of testing on premises.

* **Automate to make architectural experimentation easier:** Automation allows you to create and replicate your workloads at low cost and avoid the expense of manual effort. You can track changes to your automation, audit the impact, and revert to previous parameters when necessary.

* **Allow for evolutionary architectures:** In a traditional environment, architectural decisions are often implemented as static, onetime events, with a few major versions of a system during its lifetime. As a business and its context continue to evolve, these initial decisions might hinder the system's ability to deliver changing business requirements. In the cloud, the capability to automate and test on demand lowers the risk of impact from design changes. This allows systems to evolve over time so that businesses can take advantage of innovations as a standard practice.

* **Drive architectures using data:** In the cloud, you can collect data on how your architectural choices affect the behavior of your workload. This lets you make fact-based decisions on how to improve your workload. Your cloud infrastructure is code, so you can use that data to inform your architecture choices and improvements over time.

* **Improve through game days:** Test how your architecture and processes perform by regularly scheduling game days to simulate events in production. This will help you understand where improvements can be made and can help develop organizational experience in dealing with events.


### Operational excellence

The Operational Excellence pillar includes the ability to support development and run workloads effectively, gain insight into their operations, and to continuously improve supporting processes and procedures to deliver business value.

The operational excellence pillar provides an overview of design principles, best practices, and questions.


#### Design principles

There are five design principles for operational excellence in the cloud:

* **Perform operations as code:** In the cloud, you can apply the same engineering discipline that you use for application code to your entire environment. You can define your entire workload (applications, infrastructure) as code and update it with code. You can implement your operations procedures as code and automate their execution by triggering them in response to events. By performing operations as code, you limit human error and enable consistent responses to events.

* **Make frequent, small, reversible changes:** Design workloads to allow components to be updated regularly. Make changes in small increments that can be reversed if they fail (without affecting customers when possible).

* **Refine operations procedures frequently:** As you use operations procedures, look for opportunities to improve them. As you evolve your workload, evolve your procedures appropriately. Set up regular game days to review and validate that all procedures are effective and that teams are familiar with them.

* **Anticipate failure:** Perform “pre-mortem” exercises to identify potential sources of failure so that they can be removed or mitigated. Test your failure scenarios and validate your understanding of their impact. Test your response procedures to ensure that they are effective, and that teams are familiar with their execution. Set up regular game days to test workloads and team responses to simulated events.

* **Learn from all operational failures:** Drive improvement through lessons learned from all operational events and failures. Share what is learned across teams and through the entire organization.

#### Definition

There are four best practice areas for operational excellence in the cloud:

* Organization
* Prepare
* Operate
* Evolve

Your organization’s leadership defines business objectives. Your organization must understand requirements and priorities and use these to organize and conduct work to support the achievement of business outcomes. Your workload must emit the information necessary to support it. Implementing services to enable integration, deployment, and delivery of your workload will enable an increased ﬂow of beneficial changes into production by automating repetitive processes.

There may be risks inherent in the operation of your workload. You must understand those risks and make an informed decision to enter production. Your teams must be able to support your workload. Business and operational metrics derived from desired business outcomes will enable you to understand the health of your workload, your operations activities, and respond to incidents. Your priorities will change as your business needs and business environment changes. Use these as a feedback loop to continually drive improvement for your organization and the operation of your workload.



#### Organization

Your teams need to have a shared understanding of your entire workload, their role in it, and shared business goals to set the priorities that will enable business success. Well-defined priorities will maximize the benefits of your efforts. Evaluate internal and external customer needs involving key stakeholders, including business, development, and operations teams, to determine where to focus efforts. Evaluating customer needs will ensure that you have a thorough understanding of the support that is required to achieve business outcomes. Ensure that you are aware of guidelines or obligations defined by your organizational governance and external factors, such as regulatory compliance requirements and industry standards, that may mandate or emphasize specific focus. Validate that you have mechanisms to identify changes to internal governance and external compliance requirements. If no requirements are identified, ensure that you have applied due diligence to this determination. Review your priorities regularly so that they can be updated as needs change.

Evaluate threats to the business (for example, business risk and liabilities, and information security threats) and maintain this information in a risk registry. Evaluate the impact of risks, and tradeoffs between competing interests or alternative approaches. For example, accelerating speed to market for new features may be emphasized over cost optimization, or you may choose a relational database for non-relational data to simplify the effort to migrate a system without refactoring. Manage benefits and risks to make informed decisions when determining where to focus efforts. Some risks or choices may be acceptable for a time, it may be possible to mitigate associated risks, or it may become unacceptable to allow a risk to remain, in which case you will take action to address the risk.

Your teams must understand their part in achieving business outcomes. Teams need to understand their roles in the success of other teams, the role of other teams in their success, and have shared goals. Understanding responsibility, ownership, how decisions are made, and who has authority to make decisions will help focus efforts and maximize the benefits from your teams. The needs of a team will be shaped by the customer they support, their organization, the makeup of the team, and the characteristics of their workload. It's unreasonable to expect a single operating model to be able to support all teams and their workloads in your organization.

Ensure that there are identified owners for each application, workload, platform, and infrastructure component, and that each process and procedure has an identified owner responsible for its definition, and owners responsible for their performance.

Having understanding of the business value of each component, process, and procedure, of why those resources are in place or activities are performed, and why that ownership exists will inform the actions of your team members. Clearly define the responsibilities of team members so that they may act appropriately and have mechanisms to identify responsibility and ownership. Have mechanisms to request additions, changes, and exceptions so that you do not constrain innovation. Define agreements between teams describing how they work together to support each other and your business outcomes.

Provide support for your team members so that they can be more effective in taking action and supporting your business outcomes. Engaged senior leadership should set expectations and measure success. They should be the sponsor, advocate, and driver for the adoption of best practices and evolution of the organization. Empower team members to take action when outcomes are at risk to minimize impact and encourage them to escalate to decision makers and stakeholders when they believe there is a risk so that it can be addressed and incidents avoided. Provide timely, clear, and actionable communications of known risks and planned events so that team members can take timely and appropriate action.

Encourage experimentation to accelerate learning and keep team members interested and engaged. Teams must grow their skill sets to adopt new technologies, and to support changes in demand and responsibilities. Support and encourage this by providing dedicated structured time for learning. Ensure your team members have the resources, both tools and team members, to be successful and scale to support your business outcomes. Leverage cross-organizational diversity to seek multiple unique perspectives. Use this perspective to increase innovation, challenge your assumptions, and reduce the risk of confirmation bias. Grow inclusion, diversity, and accessibility within your teams to gain beneficial perspectives.

If there are external regulatory or compliance requirements that apply to your organization, you should use the resources provided by AWS Cloud Compliance to help educate your teams so that they can determine the impact on your priorities. The Well-Architected Framework emphasizes learning, measuring, and improving. It provides a consistent approach for you to evaluate architectures, and implement designs that will scale over time. AWS provides the AWS Well-Architected Tool to help you review your approach prior to development, the state of your workloads prior to production, and the state of your workloads in production. You can compare workloads to the latest AWS architectural best practices, monitor their overall status, and gain insight into potential risks. AWS Trusted Advisor is a tool that provides access to a core set of checks that recommend optimizations that may help shape your priorities. Business and Enterprise Support customers receive access to additional checks focusing on security, reliability, performance, and cost-optimization that can further help shape their priorities.

AWS can help you educate your teams about AWS and its services to increase their understanding of how their choices can have an impact on your workload. You should use the resources provided by AWS Support (AWS Knowledge Center, AWS Discussion Forums, and AWS Support Center) and AWS Documentation to educate your teams. Reach out to AWS Support through AWS Support Center for help with your AWS questions. AWS also shares best practices and patterns that we have learned through the operation of AWS in The Amazon Builders' Library. A wide variety of other useful information is available through the AWS Blog and The Official AWS Podcast. AWS Training and Certification provides some free training through self-paced digital courses on AWS fundamentals. You can also register for instructor-led training to further support the development of your teams’ AWS skills.

You should use tools or services that enable you to centrally govern your environments across accounts, such as AWS Organizations, to help manage your operating models. Services like AWS Control Tower expand this management capability by enabling you to define blueprints (supporting your operating models) for the setup of accounts, apply ongoing governance using AWS Organizations, and automate provisioning of new accounts. Managed Services providers such as AWS Managed Services, AWS Managed Services Partners, or Managed Services Providers in the AWS Partner Network, provide expertise implementing cloud environments, and support your security and compliance requirements and business goals. Adding Managed Services to your operating model can save you time and resources, and lets you keep your internal teams lean and focused on strategic outcomes that will differentiate your business, rather than developing new skills and capabilities.

The following questions focus on these considerations for operational excellence. (For a list of operational excellence questions and best practices, see the Appendix.).

**OPS 1:  How do you determine what your priorities are?**
Everyone needs to understand their part in enabling business success. Have shared goals in order to set priorities for resources. This will maximize the benefits of your efforts.

**OPS 2:  How do you structure your organization to support your business outcomes?**
Your teams must understand their part in achieving business outcomes. Teams need to understand their roles in the success of other teams, the role of other teams in their success, and have shared goals. Understanding responsibility, ownership, how decisions are made, and who has authority to make decisions will help focus efforts and maximize the benefits from your teams.

**OPS 3:  How does your organizational culture support your business outcomes?**
Provide support for your team members so that they can be more effective in taking action and supporting your business outcome.


You might find that you want to emphasize a small subset of your priorities at some point in time. Use a balanced approach over the long term to ensure the development of needed capabilities and management of risk. Review your priorities regularly and update them as needs change. When responsibility and ownership are undefined or unknown, you are at risk of both not performing necessary action in a timely fashion and of redundant and potentially conflicting efforts emerging to address those needs. Organizational culture has a direct impact on team member job satisfaction and retention. Enable the engagement and capabilities of your team members to enable the success of your business. Experimentation is required for innovation to happen and turn ideas into outcomes. Recognize that an undesired result is a successful experiment that has identified a path that will not lead to success.


#### Prepare

To prepare for operational excellence, you have to understand your workloads and their expected behaviors. You will then be able to design them to provide insight to their status and build the procedures to support them.

Design your workload so that it provides the information necessary for you to understand its internal state (for example, metrics, logs, events, and traces) across all components in support of observability and investigating issues. Iterate to develop the telemetry necessary to monitor the health of your workload, identify when outcomes are at risk, and enable effective responses. When instrumenting your workload, capture a broad set of information to enable situational awareness (for example, changes in state, user activity, privilege access, utilization counters), knowing that you can use filters to select the most useful information over time.

Adopt approaches that improve the ﬂow of changes into production and that enable refactoring, fast feedback on quality, and bug fixing. These accelerate beneficial changes entering production, limit issues deployed, and enable rapid identification and remediation of issues introduced through deployment activities or discovered in your environments.

Adopt approaches that provide fast feedback on quality and enable rapid recovery from changes that do not have desired outcomes. Using these practices mitigates the impact of issues introduced through the deployment of changes. Plan for unsuccessful changes so that you are able to respond faster if necessary and test and validate the changes you make. Be aware of planned activities in your environments so that you can manage the risk of changes impacting planned activities. Emphasize frequent, small, reversible changes to limit the scope of change. This results in easier troubleshooting and faster remediation with the option to roll back a change. It also means you are able to get the benefit of valuable changes more frequently.

Evaluate the operational readiness of your workload, processes, procedures, and personnel to understand the operational risks related to your workload. You should use a consistent process (including manual or automated checklists) to know when you are ready to go live with your workload or a change. This will also enable you to find any areas that you need to make plans to address. Have runbooks that document your routine activities and playbooks that guide your processes for issue resolution. Understand the benefits and risks to make informed decisions to allow changes to enter production.

AWS enables you to view your entire workload (applications, infrastructure, policy, governance, and operations) as code. This means you can apply the same engineering discipline that you use for application code to every element of your stack and share these across teams or organizations to magnify the benefits of development efforts. Use operations as code in the cloud and the ability to safely experiment to develop your workload, your operations procedures, and practice failure. Using AWS CloudFormation enables you to have consistent, templated, sandbox development, test, and production environments with increasing levels of operations control.

The following questions focus on these considerations for operational excellence.

**OPS 4:  How do you design your workload so that you can understand its state?**
Design your workload so that it provides the information necessary across all components (for example, metrics, logs, and traces) for you to understand its internal state. This enables you to provide effective responses when appropriate.

**OPS 5:  How do you reduce defects, ease remediation, and improve flow into production?**
Adopt approaches that improve flow of changes into production, that enable refactoring, fast feedback on quality, and bug fixing. These accelerate beneficial changes entering production, limit issues deployed, and enable rapid identification and remediation of issues introduced through deployment activities.

**OPS 6:  How do you mitigate deployment risks?**
Adopt approaches that provide fast feedback on quality and enable rapid recovery from changes that do not have desired outcomes. Using these practices mitigates the impact of issues introduced through the deployment of changes.

**OPS 7:  How do you know that you are ready to support a workload?**
Evaluate the operational readiness of your workload, processes and procedures, and personnel to understand the operational risks related to your workload.

Invest in implementing operations activities as code to maximize the productivity of operations personnel, minimize error rates, and enable automated responses. Use “pre-mortems” to anticipate failure and create procedures where appropriate. Apply metadata using Resource Tags and AWS Resource Groups following a consistent tagging strategy to enable identification of your resources. Tag your resources for organization, cost accounting, access controls, and targeting the execution of automated operations activities. Adopt deployment practices that take advantage of the elasticity of the cloud to facilitate development activities, and pre-deployment of systems for faster implementations. When you make changes to the checklists you use to evaluate your workloads, plan what you will do with live systems that no longer comply.


#### Operate

Successful operation of a workload is measured by the achievement of business and customer outcomes. Define expected outcomes, determine how success will be measured, and identify metrics that will be used in those calculations to determine if your workload and operations are successful. Operational health includes both the health of the workload and the health and success of the operations activities performed in support of the workload (for example, deployment and incident response). Establish metrics baselines for improvement, investigation, and intervention, collect and analyze your metrics, and then validate your understanding of operations success and how it changes over time. Use collected metrics to determine if you are satisfying customer and business needs, and identify areas for improvement.

Efficient and effective management of operational events is required to achieve operational excellence. This applies to both planned and unplanned operational events. Use established runbooks for well-understood events, and use playbooks to aid in investigation and resolution of issues. Prioritize responses to events based on their business and customer impact. Ensure that if an alert is raised in response to an event, there is an associated process to be executed, with a specifically identified owner. Define in advance the personnel required to resolve an event and include escalation triggers to engage additional personnel, as it becomes necessary, based on urgency and impact. Identify and engage individuals with the authority to make a decision on courses of action where there will be a business impact from an event response not previously addressed.

Communicate the operational status of workloads through dashboards and notifications that are tailored to the target audience (for example, customer, business, developers, operations) so that they may take appropriate action, so that their expectations are managed, and so that they are informed when normal operations resume.

In AWS, you can generate dashboard views of your metrics collected from workloads and natively from AWS. You can leverage CloudWatch or third-party applications to aggregate and present business, workload, and operations level views of operations activities. AWS provides workload insights through logging capabilities including AWS X-Ray, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, and VPC Flow Logs enabling the identification of workload issues in support of root cause analysis and remediation.

The following questions focus on these considerations for operational excellence.

**OPS 8:  How do you understand the health of your workload?**
Define, capture, and analyze workload metrics to gain visibility to workload events so that you can take appropriate action.

**OPS 9:  How do you understand the health of your operations?**
Define, capture, and analyze operations metrics to gain visibility to operations events so that you can take appropriate action.

**OPS 10:  How do you manage workload and operations events?**
Prepare and validate procedures for responding to events to minimize their disruption to your workload.

All of the metrics you collect should be aligned to a business need and the outcomes they support. Develop scripted responses to well-understood events and automate their performance in response to recognizing the event.


#### Evolve 

You must learn, share, and continuously improve to sustain operational excellence. Dedicate work cycles to making continuous incremental improvements. Perform post-incident analysis of all customer impacting events. Identify the contributing factors and preventative action to limit or prevent recurrence. Communicate contributing factors with affected communities as appropriate. Regularly evaluate and prioritize opportunities for improvement (for example, feature requests, issue remediation, and compliance requirements), including both the workload and operations procedures.

Include feedback loops within your procedures to rapidly identify areas for improvement and capture learnings from the execution of operations.

Share lessons learned across teams to share the benefits of those lessons. Analyze trends within lessons learned and perform cross-team retrospective analysis of operations metrics to identify opportunities and methods for improvement. Implement changes intended to bring about improvement and evaluate the results to determine success.

On AWS, you can export your log data to Amazon S3 or send logs directly to Amazon S3 for long-term storage. Using AWS Glue, you can discover and prepare your log data in Amazon S3 for analytics, and store associated metadata in the AWS Glue Data Catalog. Amazon Athena, through its native integration with AWS Glue, can then be used to analyze your log data, querying it using standard SQL. Using a business intelligence tool like Amazon QuickSight, you can visualize, explore, and analyze your data. Discovering trends and events of interest that may drive improvement.

The following question focuses on these considerations for operational excellence.

**OPS 11:  How do you evolve operations?**
Dedicate time and resources for continuous incremental improvement to evolve the effectiveness and efficiency of your operations.

Successful evolution of operations is founded in: frequent small improvements; providing safe environments and time to experiment, develop, and test improvements; and environments in which learning from failures is encouraged. Operations support for sandbox, development, test, and production environments, with increasing level of operational controls, facilitates development and increases the predictability of successful results from changes deployed into production.


### Security

The Security pillar encompasses the ability to protect data, systems, and assets to take advantage of cloud technologies to improve your security.

The security pillar provides an overview of design principles, best practices, and questions.

#### Design principles

There are seven design principles for security in the cloud:

* **Implement a strong identity foundation:** Implement the principle of least privilege and enforce separation of duties with appropriate authorization for each interaction with your AWS resources. Centralize identity management, and aim to eliminate reliance on long-term static credentials.

* **Enable traceability:** Monitor, alert, and audit actions and changes to your environment in real time. Integrate log and metric collection with systems to automatically investigate and take action.

* **Apply security at all layers:** Apply a defense in depth approach with multiple security controls. Apply to all layers (for example, edge of network, VPC, load balancing, every instance and compute service, operating system, application, and code).

* **Automate security best practices:** Automated software-based security mechanisms improve your ability to securely scale more rapidly and cost-effectively. Create secure architectures, including the implementation of controls that are defined and managed as code in version-controlled templates.

* **Protect data in transit and at rest:** Classify your data into sensitivity levels and use mechanisms, such as encryption, tokenization, and access control where appropriate.

* **Keep people away from data:** Use mechanisms and tools to reduce or eliminate the need for direct access or manual processing of data. This reduces the risk of mishandling or modification and human error when handling sensitive data.

* **Prepare for security events:** Prepare for an incident by having incident management and investigation policy and processes that align to your organizational requirements. Run incident response simulations and use tools with automation to increase your speed for detection, investigation, and recovery.

#### Definition

There are six best practice areas for security in the cloud:

* Security
* Identity and Access Management
* Detection
* Infrastructure Protection
* Data Protection
* Incident Response

Before you architect any workload, you need to put in place practices that influence security. You will want to control who can do what. In addition, you want to be able to identify security incidents, protect your systems and services, and maintain the confidentiality and integrity of data through data protection. You should have a well-defined and practiced process for responding to security incidents. These tools and techniques are important because they support objectives such as preventing financial loss or complying with regulatory obligations.

The AWS Shared Responsibility Model enables organizations that adopt the cloud to achieve their security and compliance goals. Because AWS physically secures the infrastructure that supports our cloud services, as an AWS customer you can focus on using services to accomplish your goals. The AWS Cloud also provides greater access to security data and an automated approach to responding to security events.


#### Security

To operate your workload securely, you must apply overarching best practices to every area of security. Take requirements and processes that you have defined in operational excellence at an organizational and workload level, and apply them to all areas.

Staying up to date with AWS and industry recommendations and threat intelligence helps you evolve your threat model and control objectives. Automating security processes, testing, and validation allow you to scale your security operations.

The following question focuses on these considerations for security. (For a list of security questions and best practices, see the Appendix.).

**SEC 1:  How do you securely operate your workload?**
To operate your workload securely, you must apply overarching best practices to every area of security. Take requirements and processes that you have defined in operational excellence at an organizational and workload level, and apply them to all areas. Staying up to date with recommendations from AWS, industry sources, and threat intelligence helps you evolve your threat model and control objectives. Automating security processes, testing, and validation allow you to scale your security operations.

In AWS, segregating different workloads by account, based on their function and compliance or data sensitivity requirements, is a recommended approach.

#### Identity and access management

Identity and access management are key parts of an information security program, ensuring that only authorized and authenticated users and components are able to access your resources, and only in a manner that you intend. For example, you should define principals (that is, accounts, users, roles, and services that can perform actions in your account), build out policies aligned with these principals, and implement strong credential management. These privilege-management elements form the core of authentication and authorization.

In AWS, privilege management is primarily supported by the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) service, which allows you to control user and programmatic access to AWS services and resources. You should apply granular policies, which assign permissions to a user, group, role, or resource. You also have the ability to require strong password practices, such as complexity level, avoiding re-use, and enforcing multi-factor authentication (MFA). You can use federation with your existing directory service. For workloads that require systems to have access to AWS, IAM enables secure access through roles, instance profiles, identity federation, and temporary credentials.

The following questions focus on these considerations for security.

**SEC 2:  How do you manage identities for people and machines?**
There are two types of identities you need to manage when approaching operating secure AWS workloads. Understanding the type of identity you need to manage and grant access helps you ensure the right identities have access to the right resources under the right conditions.

Human Identities: Your administrators, developers, operators, and end users require an identity to access your AWS environments and applications. These are members of your organization, or external users with whom you collaborate, and who interact with your AWS resources via a web browser, client application, or interactive command-line tools.

Machine Identities: Your service applications, operational tools, and workloads require an identity to make requests to AWS services, for example, to read data. These identities include machines running in your AWS environment such as Amazon EC2 instances or AWS Lambda functions. You may also manage machine identities for external parties who need access. Additionally, you may also have machines outside of AWS that need access to your AWS environment.

**SEC 3:  How do you manage permissions for people and machines?**
Manage permissions to control access to people and machine identities that require access to AWS and your workload. Permissions control who can access what, and under what conditions.
Credentials must not be shared between any user or system. User access should be granted using a least-privilege approach with best practices including password requirements and MFA enforced. Programmatic access including API calls to AWS services should be performed using temporary and limited-privilege credentials such as those issued by the AWS Security Token Service.

AWS provides resources that can help you with Identity and access management. To help learn best practices, explore our hands-on labs on managing credentials & authentication, controlling human access, and controlling programmatic access.

#### Detection

You can use detective controls to identify a potential security threat or incident. They are an essential part of governance frameworks and can be used to support a quality process, a legal or compliance obligation, and for threat identification and response efforts. There are different types of detective controls. For example, conducting an inventory of assets and their detailed attributes promotes more effective decision making (and lifecycle controls) to help establish operational baselines. You can also use internal auditing, an examination of controls related to information systems, to ensure that practices meet policies and requirements and that you have set the correct automated alerting notifications based on defined conditions. These controls are important reactive factors that can help your organization identify and understand the scope of anomalous activity.

In AWS, you can implement detective controls by processing logs, events, and monitoring that allows for auditing, automated analysis, and alarming. CloudTrail logs, AWS API calls, and CloudWatch provide monitoring of metrics with alarming, and AWS Config provides configuration history. Amazon GuardDuty is a managed threat detection service that continuously monitors for malicious or unauthorized behavior to help you protect your AWS accounts and workloads. Service-level logs are also available, for example, you can use Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) to log access requests.

The following question focuses on these considerations for security.

**SEC 4:  How do you detect and investigate security events?**
Capture and analyze events from logs and metrics to gain visibility. Take action on security events and potential threats to help secure your workload.
Log management is important to a Well-Architected workload for reasons ranging from security or forensics to regulatory or legal requirements. It is critical that you analyze logs and respond to them so that you can identify potential security incidents. AWS provides functionality that makes log management easier to implement by giving you the ability to define a data-retention lifecycle or define where data will be preserved, archived, or eventually deleted. This makes predictable and reliable data handling simpler and more cost effective.

#### Infrastructure protection

Infrastructure protection encompasses control methodologies, such as defense in depth, necessary to meet best practices and organizational or regulatory obligations. Use of these methodologies is critical for successful, ongoing operations in either the cloud or on-premises.

In AWS, you can implement stateful and stateless packet inspection, either by using AWS-native technologies or by using partner products and services available through the AWS Marketplace. You should use Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) to create a private, secured, and scalable environment in which you can define your topology—including gateways, routing tables, and public and private subnets.

The following questions focus on these considerations for security.

**SEC 5:  How do you protect your network resources?**
Any workload that has some form of network connectivity, whether it’s the internet or a private network, requires multiple layers of defense to help protect from external and internal network-based threats.
**SEC 6:  How do you protect your compute resources?**
Compute resources in your workload require multiple layers of defense to help protect from external and internal threats. Compute resources include EC2 instances, containers, AWS Lambda functions, database services, IoT devices, and more.
Multiple layers of defense are advisable in any type of environment. In the case of infrastructure protection, many of the concepts and methods are valid across cloud and on-premises models. Enforcing boundary protection, monitoring points of ingress and egress, and comprehensive logging, monitoring, and alerting are all essential to an effective information security plan.

AWS customers are able to tailor, or harden, the configuration of an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2), Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) container, or AWS Elastic Beanstalk instance, and persist this configuration to an immutable Amazon Machine Image (AMI). Then, whether triggered by Auto Scaling or launched manually, all new virtual servers (instances) launched with this AMI receive the hardened configuration.


#### Data protection

Before architecting any system, foundational practices that influence security should be in place. For example, data classification provides a way to categorize organizational data based on levels of sensitivity, and encryption protects data by way of rendering it unintelligible to unauthorized access. These tools and techniques are important because they support objectives such as preventing financial loss or complying with regulatory obligations.

In AWS, the following practices facilitate protection of data:

As an AWS customer you maintain full control over your data.

AWS makes it easier for you to encrypt your data and manage keys, including regular key rotation, which can be easily automated by AWS or maintained by you.

Detailed logging that contains important content, such as file access and changes, is available.

AWS has designed storage systems for exceptional resiliency. For example, Amazon S3 Standard, S3 Standard–IA, S3 One Zone-IA, and Amazon Glacier are all designed to provide 99.999999999% durability of objects over a given year. This durability level corresponds to an average annual expected loss of 0.000000001% of objects.

Versioning, which can be part of a larger data lifecycle management process, can protect against accidental overwrites, deletes, and similar harm.

AWS never initiates the movement of data between Regions. Content placed in a Region will remain in that Region unless you explicitly enable a feature or leverage a service that provides that functionality.

The following questions focus on these considerations for security.

**SEC 7:  How do you classify your data?**
Classification provides a way to categorize data, based on criticality and sensitivity in order to help you determine appropriate protection and retention controls.

**SEC 8:  How do you protect your data at rest?**
Protect your data at rest by implementing multiple controls, to reduce the risk of unauthorized access or mishandling.

**SEC 9:  How do you protect your data in transit?**
Protect your data in transit by implementing multiple controls to reduce the risk of unauthorized access or loss.

AWS provides multiple means for encrypting data at rest and in transit. We build features into our services that make it easier to encrypt your data. For example, we have implemented server-side encryption (SSE) for Amazon S3 to make it easier for you to store your data in an encrypted form. You can also arrange for the entire HTTPS encryption and decryption process (generally known as SSL termination) to be handled by Elastic Load Balancing (ELB).


#### Incident response

Even with extremely mature preventive and detective controls, your organization should still put processes in place to respond to and mitigate the potential impact of security incidents. The architecture of your workload strongly affects the ability of your teams to operate effectively during an incident, to isolate or contain systems, and to restore operations to a known good state. Putting in place the tools and access ahead of a security incident, then routinely practicing incident response through game days, will help you ensure that your architecture can accommodate timely investigation and recovery.

In AWS, the following practices facilitate effective incident response:

* Detailed logging is available that contains important content, such as file access and changes.
* Events can be automatically processed and trigger tools that automate responses through the use of AWS APIs.
* You can pre-provision tooling and a “clean room” using AWS CloudFormation. This allows you to carry out forensics in a safe, isolated environment.

The following question focuses on these considerations for security.

**SEC 10:  How do you anticipate, respond to, and recover from incidents?**
Preparation is critical to timely and effective investigation, response to, and recovery from security incidents to help minimize disruption to your organization.

Ensure that you have a way to quickly grant access for your security team, and automate the isolation of instances as well as the capturing of data and state for forensics.


### Reability

The Reliability pillar encompasses the ability of a workload to perform its intended function correctly and consistently when it’s expected to. This includes the ability to operate and test the workload through its total lifecycle. This paper provides in-depth, best practice guidance for implementing reliable workloads on AWS.

The reliability pillar provides an overview of design principles, best practices, and questions. 


#### Design principles

There are five design principles for reliability in the cloud:

* **Automatically recover from failure:** By monitoring a workload for key performance indicators (KPIs), you can trigger automation when a threshold is breached. These KPIs should be a measure of business value, not of the technical aspects of the operation of the service. This allows for automatic notification and tracking of failures, and for automated recovery processes that work around or repair the failure. With more sophisticated automation, it’s possible to anticipate and remediate failures before they occur.

* **Test recovery procedures:** In an on-premises environment, testing is often conducted to prove that the workload works in a particular scenario. Testing is not typically used to validate recovery strategies. In the cloud, you can test how your workload fails, and you can validate your recovery procedures. You can use automation to simulate different failures or to recreate scenarios that led to failures before. This approach exposes failure pathways that you can test and fix before a real failure scenario occurs, thus reducing risk.

* **Scale horizontally to increase aggregate workload availability:** Replace one large resource with multiple small resources to reduce the impact of a single failure on the overall workload. Distribute requests across multiple, smaller resources to ensure that they don’t share a common point of failure.

* **Stop guessing capacity:** A common cause of failure in on-premises workloads is resource saturation, when the demands placed on a workload exceed the capacity of that workload (this is often the objective of denial of service attacks). In the cloud, you can monitor demand and workload utilization, and automate the addition or removal of resources to maintain the optimal level to satisfy demand without over- or under-provisioning. There are still limits, but some quotas can be controlled and others can be managed (see Manage Service Quotas and Constraints).

* **Manage change in automation:** Changes to your infrastructure should be made using automation. The changes that need to be managed include changes to the automation, which then can be tracked and reviewed.

#### Definition

There are four best practice areas for reliability in the cloud:

* Foundations
* Workload Architecture
* Change Management
* Failure Management

To achieve reliability you must start with the foundations — an environment where service quotas and network topology accommodate the workload. The workload architecture of the distributed system must be designed to prevent and mitigate failures. The workload must handle changes in demand or requirements, and it must be designed to detect failure and automatically heal itself.


#### Foundations

Foundational requirements are those whose scope extends beyond a single workload or project. Before architecting any system, foundational requirements that influence reliability should be in place. For example, you must have sufficient network bandwidth to your data center.

With AWS, most of these foundational requirements are already incorporated or can be addressed as needed. The cloud is designed to be nearly limitless, so it’s the responsibility of AWS to satisfy the requirement for sufficient networking and compute capacity, leaving you free to change resource size and allocations on demand.

The following questions focus on these considerations for reliability. (For a list of reliability questions and best practices, see the Appendix.).

**REL 1:  How do you manage service quotas and constraints?**
For cloud-based workload architectures, there are service quotas (which are also referred to as service limits). These quotas exist to prevent accidentally provisioning more resources than you need and to limit request rates on API operations so as to protect services from abuse. There are also resource constraints, for example, the rate that you can push bits down a fiber-optic cable, or the amount of storage on a physical disk.

**REL 2:  How do you plan your network topology?**
Workloads often exist in multiple environments. These include multiple cloud environments (both publicly accessible and private) and possibly your existing data center infrastructure. Plans must include network considerations such as intra- and inter-system connectivity, public IP address management, private IP address management, and domain name resolution.

For cloud-based workload architectures, there are service quotas (which are also referred to as service limits). These quotas exist to prevent accidentally provisioning more resources than you need and to limit request rates on API operations to protect services from abuse. Workloads often exist in multiple environments. You must monitor and manage these quotas for all workload environments. These include multiple cloud environments (both publicly accessible and private) and may include your existing data center infrastructure. Plans must include network considerations, such as intrasystem and intersystem connectivity, public IP address management, private IP address management, and domain name resolution.


#### Workload architecture

A reliable workload starts with upfront design decisions for both software and infrastructure. Your architecture choices will impact your workload behavior across all of the Well-Architected pillars. For reliability, there are specific patterns you must follow.

With AWS, workload developers have their choice of languages and technologies to use. AWS SDKs take the complexity out of coding by providing language-specific APIs for AWS services. These SDKs, plus the choice of languages, allow developers to implement the reliability best practices listed here. Developers can also read about and learn from how Amazon builds and operates software in The Amazon Builders' Library.

The following questions focus on these considerations for reliability.

**REL 3:  How do you design your workload service architecture?**
Build highly scalable and reliable workloads using a service-oriented architecture (SOA) or a microservices architecture. Service-oriented architecture (SOA) is the practice of making software components reusable via service interfaces. Microservices architecture goes further to make components smaller and simpler.

**REL 4:  How do you design interactions in a distributed system to prevent failures?**
Distributed systems rely on communications networks to interconnect components, such as servers or services. Your workload must operate reliably despite data loss or latency in these networks. Components of the distributed system must operate in a way that does not negatively impact other components or the workload. These best practices prevent failures and improve mean time between failures (MTBF).

**REL 5:  How do you design interactions in a distributed system to mitigate or withstand failures?**
Distributed systems rely on communications networks to interconnect components (such as servers or services). Your workload must operate reliably despite data loss or latency over these networks. Components of the distributed system must operate in a way that does not negatively impact other components or the workload. These best practices enable workloads to withstand stresses or failures, more quickly recover from them, and mitigate the impact of such impairments. The result is improved mean time to recovery (MTTR).

#### Change management
Changes to your workload or its environment must be anticipated and accommodated to achieve reliable operation of the workload. Changes include those imposed on your workload, such as spikes in demand, as well as those from within, such as feature deployments and security patches.

Using AWS, you can monitor the behavior of a workload and automate the response to KPIs. For example, your workload can add additional servers as a workload gains more users. You can control who has permission to make workload changes and audit the history of these changes.

The following questions focus on these considerations for reliability.

**REL 6:  How do you monitor workload resources?**
Logs and metrics are powerful tools to gain insight into the health of your workload. You can configure your workload to monitor logs and metrics and send notifications when thresholds are crossed or significant events occur. Monitoring enables your workload to recognize when low-performance thresholds are crossed or failures occur, so it can recover automatically in response.

**REL 7:  How do you design your workload to adapt to changes in demand?**
A scalable workload provides elasticity to add or remove resources automatically so that they closely match the current demand at any given point in time.

**REL 8:  How do you implement change?**
Controlled changes are necessary to deploy new functionality, and to ensure that the workloads and the operating environment are running known software and can be patched or replaced in a predictable manner. If these changes are uncontrolled, then it makes it difficult to predict the effect of these changes, or to address issues that arise because of them.

When you architect a workload to automatically add and remove resources in response to changes in demand, this not only increases reliability but also ensures that business success doesn't become a burden. With monitoring in place, your team will be automatically alerted when KPIs deviate from expected norms. Automatic logging of changes to your environment allows you to audit and quickly identify actions that might have impacted reliability. Controls on change management ensure that you can enforce the rules that deliver the reliability you need.


#### Failure management

In any system of reasonable complexity, it is expected that failures will occur. Reliability requires that your workload be aware of failures as they occur and take action to avoid impact on availability. Workloads must be able to both withstand failures and automatically repair issues.

With AWS, you can take advantage of automation to react to monitoring data. For example, when a particular metric crosses a threshold, you can trigger an automated action to remedy the problem. Also, rather than trying to diagnose and fix a failed resource that is part of your production environment, you can replace it with a new one and carry out the analysis on the failed resource out of band. Since the cloud enables you to stand up temporary versions of a whole system at low cost, you can use automated testing to verify full recovery processes.

The following questions focus on these considerations for reliability.

**REL 9:  How do you back up data?**
Back up data, applications, and configuration to meet your requirements for recovery time objectives (RTO) and recovery point objectives (RPO).

**REL 10:  How do you use fault isolation to protect your workload?**
Fault isolated boundaries limit the effect of a failure within a workload to a limited number of components. Components outside of the boundary are unaffected by the failure. Using multiple fault isolated boundaries, you can limit the impact on your workload.

**REL 11:  How do you design your workload to withstand component failures?**
Workloads with a requirement for high availability and low mean time to recovery (MTTR) must be architected for resiliency.

**REL 12:  How do you test reliability?**
After you have designed your workload to be resilient to the stresses of production, testing is the only way to ensure that it will operate as designed, and deliver the resiliency you expect.

**REL 13:  How do you plan for disaster recovery (DR)?**
Having backups and redundant workload components in place is the start of your DR strategy. RTO and RPO are your objectives for restoration of your workload. Set these based on business needs. Implement a strategy to meet these objectives, considering locations and function of workload resources and data. The probability of disruption and cost of recovery are also key factors that help to inform the business value of providing disaster recovery for a workload.

Regularly back up your data and test your backup files to ensure that you can recover from both logical and physical errors. A key to managing failure is the frequent and automated testing of workloads to cause failure, and then observe how they recover. Do this on a regular schedule and ensure that such testing is also triggered after significant workload changes. Actively track KPIs, as well as the recovery time objective (RTO) and recovery point objective (RPO), to assess a workload's resiliency (especially under failure-testing scenarios). Tracking KPIs will help you identify and mitigate single points of failure. The objective is to thoroughly test your workload-recovery processes so that you are confident that you can recover all your data and continue to serve your customers, even in the face of sustained problems. Your recovery processes should be as well exercised as your normal production processes.


### Performance efficiency

The Performance Efficiency pillar includes the ability to use computing resources efficiently to meet system requirements, and to maintain that efficiency as demand changes and technologies evolve.

The performance efficiency pillar provides an overview of design principles, best practices, and questions. 


#### Design principles

There are five design principles for performance efficiency in the cloud:

* **Democratize advanced technologies:** Make advanced technology implementation easier for your team by delegating complex tasks to your cloud vendor. Rather than asking your IT team to learn about hosting and running a new technology, consider consuming the technology as a service. For example, NoSQL databases, media transcoding, and machine learning are all technologies that require specialized expertise. In the cloud, these technologies become services that your team can consume, allowing your team to focus on product development rather than resource provisioning and management.

* **Go global in minutes:** Deploying your workload in multiple AWS Regions around the world allows you to provide lower latency and a better experience for your customers at minimal cost.

* **Use serverless architectures:** Serverless architectures remove the need for you to run and maintain physical servers for traditional compute activities. For example, serverless storage services can act as static websites (removing the need for web servers) and event services can host code. This removes the operational burden of managing physical servers, and can lower transactional costs because managed services operate at cloud scale.

* **Experiment more often:** With virtual and automatable resources, you can quickly carry out comparative testing using different types of instances, storage, or configurations.

* **Consider mechanical sympathy:** Understand how cloud services are consumed and always use the technology approach that aligns best with your workload goals. For example, consider data access patterns when you select database or storage approaches.

#### Definition

There are four best practice areas for performance efficiency in the cloud:

* Selection
* Review
* Monitoring
* Tradeoffs

Take a data-driven approach to building a high-performance architecture. Gather data on all aspects of the architecture, from the high-level design to the selection and configuration of resource types.

Reviewing your choices on a regular basis ensures that you are taking advantage of the continually evolving AWS Cloud. Monitoring ensures that you are aware of any deviance from expected performance. Make trade-oﬀs in your architecture to improve performance, such as using compression or caching, or relaxing consistency requirements.

#### Selection

The optimal solution for a particular workload varies, and solutions often combine multiple approaches. Well-architected workloads use multiple solutions and enable different features to improve performance.

AWS resources are available in many types and configurations, which makes it easier to find an approach that closely matches your workload needs. You can also find options that are not easily achievable with on-premises infrastructure. For example, a managed service such as Amazon DynamoDB provides a fully managed NoSQL database with single-digit millisecond latency at any scale.

The following question focuses on these considerations for performance efficiency. (For a list of performance efficiency questions and best practices, see the Appendix.).

**PERF 1:  How do you select the best performing architecture?**
Often, multiple approaches are required for optimal performance across a workload. Well-architected systems use multiple solutions and features to improve performance.

Use a data-driven approach to select the patterns and implementation for your architecture and achieve a cost effective solution. AWS Solutions Architects, AWS Reference Architectures, and AWS Partner Network (APN) partners can help you select an architecture based on industry knowledge, but data obtained through benchmarking or load testing will be required to optimize your architecture.

Your architecture will likely combine a number of different architectural approaches (for example, event-driven, ETL, or pipeline). The implementation of your architecture will use the AWS services that are specific to the optimization of your architecture's performance. In the following sections we discuss the four main resource types to consider (compute, storage, database, and network).

##### Compute
Selecting compute resources that meet your requirements, performance needs, and provide great efficiency of cost and effort will enable you to accomplish more with the same number of resources. When evaluating compute options, be aware of your requirements for workload performance and cost requirements and use this to make informed decisions.

In AWS, compute is available in three forms: instances, containers, and functions:

Instances are virtualized servers, allowing you to change their capabilities with a button or an API call. Because resource decisions in the cloud aren’t fixed, you can experiment with different server types. At AWS, these virtual server instances come in different families and sizes, and they offer a wide variety of capabilities, including solid-state drives (SSDs) and graphics processing units (GPUs).

Containers are a method of operating system virtualization that allow you to run an application and its dependencies in resource-isolated processes. AWS Fargate is serverless compute for containers or Amazon EC2 can be used if you need control over the installation, configuration, and management of your compute environment. You can also choose from multiple container orchestration platforms: Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) or Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS).

Functions abstract the execution environment from the code you want to execute. For example, AWS Lambda allows you to execute code without running an instance.

The following question focuses on these considerations for performance efficiency.

**PERF 2:  How do you select your compute solution?**
The optimal compute solution for a workload varies based on application design, usage patterns, and configuration settings. Architectures can use different compute solutions for various components and enable different features to improve performance. Selecting the wrong compute solution for an architecture can lead to lower performance efficiency.

When architecting your use of compute you should take advantage of the elasticity mechanisms available to ensure you have sufficient capacity to sustain performance as demand changes.

##### Storage
Cloud storage is a critical component of cloud computing, holding the information used by your workload. Cloud storage is typically more reliable, scalable, and secure than traditional on-premises storage systems. Select from object, block, and file storage services as well as cloud data migration options for your workload.

In AWS, storage is available in three forms: object, block, and file:

Object Storage provides a scalable, durable platform to make data accessible from any internet location for user-generated content, active archive, serverless computing, Big Data storage or backup and recovery. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is an object storage service that offers industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance. Amazon S3 is designed for 99.999999999% (11 9's) of durability, and stores data for millions of applications for companies all around the world.

Block Storage provides highly available, consistent, low-latency block storage for each virtual host and is analogous to direct-attached storage (DAS) or a Storage Area Network (SAN). Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) is designed for workloads that require persistent storage accessible by EC2 instances that helps you tune applications with the right storage capacity, performance and cost.

File Storage provides access to a shared file system across multiple systems. File storage solutions like Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) are ideal for use cases such as large content repositories, development environments, media stores, or user home directories. Amazon FSx makes it easy and cost effective to launch and run popular file systems so you can leverage the rich feature sets and fast performance of widely used open source and commercially-licensed file systems.

The following question focuses on these considerations for performance efficiency.

**PERF 3:  How do you select your storage solution?**
The optimal storage solution for a system varies based on the kind of access method (block, file, or object), patterns of access (random or sequential), required throughput, frequency of access (online, offline, archival), frequency of update (WORM, dynamic), and availability and durability constraints. Well-architected systems use multiple storage solutions and enable different features to improve performance and use resources efficiently.

When you select a storage solution, ensuring that it aligns with your access patterns will be critical to achieving the performance you want.

##### Database
The cloud offers purpose-built database services that address different problems presented by your workload. You can choose from many purpose-built database engines including relational, key-value, document, in-memory, graph, time series, and ledger databases. By picking the best database to solve a specific problem (or a group of problems), you can break away from restrictive one-size-fits-all monolithic databases and focus on building applications to meet the performance needs of your customers.

In AWS you can choose from multiple purpose-built database engines including relational, key-value, document, in-memory, graph, time series, and ledger databases. With AWS databases, you don’t need to worry about database management tasks such as server provisioning, patching, setup, configuration, backups, or recovery. AWS continuously monitors your clusters to keep your workloads up and running with self-healing storage and automated scaling, so that you can focus on higher value application development.

The following question focuses on these considerations for performance efficiency.

**PERF 4:  How do you select your database solution?**
The optimal database solution for a system varies based on requirements for availability, consistency, partition tolerance, latency, durability, scalability, and query capability. Many systems use different database solutions for various subsystems and enable different features to improve performance. Selecting the wrong database solution and features for a system can lead to lower performance efficiency.

Your workload's database approach has a significant impact on performance efficiency. It's often an area that is chosen according to organizational defaults rather than through a data-driven approach. As with storage, it is critical to consider the access patterns of your workload, and also to consider if other non-database solutions could solve the problem more efficiently (such as using graph, time series, or in-memory storage database).

##### Network
Since the network is between all workload components, it can have great impacts, both positive and negative, on workload performance and behavior. There are also workloads that are heavily dependent on network performance such as High Performance Computing (HPC) where deep network understanding is important to increase cluster performance. You must determine the workload requirements for bandwidth, latency, jitter, and throughput.

On AWS, networking is virtualized and is available in a number of different types and configurations. This makes it easier to match your networking methods with your needs. AWS offers product features (for example, Enhanced Networking, Amazon EBS-optimized instances, Amazon S3 transfer acceleration, and dynamic Amazon CloudFront) to optimize network traffic. AWS also offers networking features (for example, Amazon Route 53 latency routing, Amazon VPC endpoints, AWS Direct Connect, and AWS Global Accelerator) to reduce network distance or jitter.

The following question focuses on these considerations for performance efficiency.

**PERF 5:  How do you configure your networking solution?**
The optimal network solution for a workload varies based on latency, throughput requirements, jitter, and bandwidth. Physical constraints, such as user or on-premises resources, determine location options. These constraints can be offset with edge locations or resource placement.

You must consider location when deploying your network. You can choose to place resources close to where they will be used to reduce distance. Use networking metrics to make changes to networking configuration as the workload evolves. By taking advantage of Regions, placement groups, and edge services, you can significantly improve performance. Cloud based networks can be quickly re-built or modified, so evolving your network architecture over time is necessary to maintain performance efficiency.

#### Review
Cloud technologies are rapidly evolving and you must ensure that workload components are using the latest technologies and approaches to continually improve performance. You must continually evaluate and consider changes to your workload components to ensure you are meeting its performance and cost objectives. New technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), can allow you to reimagine customer experiences and innovate across all of your business workloads.

Take advantage of the continual innovation at AWS driven by customer need. We release new Regions, edge locations, services, and features regularly. Any of these releases could positively improve the performance efficiency of your architecture.

The following question focuses on these considerations for performance efficiency.

**PERF 6:  How do you evolve your workload to take advantage of new releases?**
When architecting workloads, there are finite options that you can choose from. However, over time, new technologies and approaches become available that could improve the performance of your workload.

Architectures performing poorly are usually the result of a non-existent or broken performance review process. If your architecture is performing poorly, implementing a performance review process will allow you to apply Deming’s plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle to drive iterative improvement.
#### Monitoring

After you implement your workload, you must monitor its performance so that you can remediate any issues before they impact your customers. Monitoring metrics should be used to raise alarms when thresholds are breached.

Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring and observability service that provides you with data and actionable insights to monitor your workload, respond to system-wide performance changes, optimize resource utilization, and get a unified view of operational health. CloudWatch collects monitoring and operational data in the form of logs, metrics, and events from workloads that run on AWS and on-premises servers. AWS X-Ray helps developers analyze and debug production, distributed applications. With AWS X-Ray, you can glean insights into how your application is performing and discover root causes and identify performance bottlenecks. You can use these insights to react quickly and keep your workload running smoothly.

The following question focuses on these considerations for performance efficiency.

**PERF 7:  How do you monitor your resources to ensure they are performing?**
System performance can degrade over time. Monitor system performance to identify degradation and remediate internal or external factors, such as the operating system or application load.

Ensuring that you do not see false positives is key to an effective monitoring solution. Automated triggers avoid human error and can reduce the time it takes to fix problems. Plan for game days, where simulations are conducted in the production environment, to test your alarm solution and ensure that it correctly recognizes issues.

#### Tradeoffs
When you architect solutions, think about tradeoffs to ensure an optimal approach. Depending on your situation, you could trade consistency, durability, and space for time or latency, to deliver higher performance.

Using AWS, you can go global in minutes and deploy resources in multiple locations across the globe to be closer to your end users. You can also dynamically add readonly replicas to information stores (such as database systems) to reduce the load on the primary database.

The following question focuses on these considerations for performance efficiency.

**PERF 8:  How do you use tradeoffs to improve performance?**
When architecting solutions, determining tradeoffs enables you to select an optimal approach. Often you can improve performance by trading consistency, durability, and space for time and latency.

As you make changes to the workload, collect and evaluate metrics to determine the impact of those changes. Measure the impacts to the system and to the end-user to understand how your trade-oﬀs impact your workload. Use a systematic approach, such as load testing, to explore whether the tradeoff improves performance.


### Cost Optimization

The Cost Optimization pillar includes the ability to run systems to deliver business value at the lowest price point.

The cost optimization pillar provides an overview of design principles, best practices, and questions.


#### Design principles

There are five design principles for cost optimization in the cloud:

* **Implement Cloud Financial Management:** To achieve financial success and accelerate business value realization in the cloud, you need to invest in Cloud Financial Management /Cost Optimization. Your organization needs to dedicate time and resources to build capability in this new domain of technology and usage management. Similar to your Security or Operational Excellence capability, you need to build capability through knowledge building, programs, resources, and processes to become a cost-efficient organization.

* **Adopt a consumption model:** Pay only for the computing resources that you require and increase or decrease usage depending on business requirements, not by using elaborate forecasting. For example, development and test environments are typically only used for eight hours a day during the work week. You can stop these resources when they are not in use for a potential cost savings of 75% (40 hours versus 168 hours).

* **Measure overall efficiency:** Measure the business output of the workload and the costs associated with delivering it. Use this measure to know the gains you make from increasing output and reducing costs.

* **Stop spending money on undifferentiated heavy lifting:** AWS does the heavy lifting of data center operations like racking, stacking, and powering servers. It also removes the operational burden of managing operating systems and applications with managed services. This allows you to focus on your customers and business projects rather than on IT infrastructure.

* **Analyze and attribute expenditure:** The cloud makes it easier to accurately identify the usage and cost of systems, which then allows transparent attribution of IT costs to individual workload owners. This helps measure return on investment (ROI) and gives workload owners an opportunity to optimize their resources and reduce costs.


#### Definition

There are five best practice areas for cost optimization in the cloud:

* Practice Cloud Financial Management
* Expenditure and usage awareness
* Cost-effective resources
* Manage demand and supply resources
* Optimize over time

As with the other pillars within the Well-Architected Framework, there are tradeoﬀs to consider, for example, whether to optimize for speed-to-market or for cost. In some cases, it’s best to optimize for speed—going to market quickly, shipping new features, or simply meeting a deadline—rather than investing in up-front cost optimization. Design decisions are sometimes directed by haste rather than data, and the temptation always exists to overcompensate “just in case” rather than spend time benchmarking for the most cost-optimal deployment. This might lead to over-provisioned and under-optimized deployments. However, this is a reasonable choice when you need to “lift and shift” resources from your on-premises environment to the cloud and then optimize afterwards. Investing the right amount of effort in a cost optimization strategy up front allows you to realize the economic benefits of the cloud more readily by ensuring a consistent adherence to best practices and avoiding unnecessary over provisioning. The following sections provide techniques and best practices for both the initial and ongoing implementation of Cloud Financial Management and cost optimization of your workloads.

#### Practice Cloud Financial Management

With the adoption of cloud, technology teams innovate faster due to shortened approval, procurement, and infrastructure deployment cycles. A new approach to financial management in the cloud is required to realize business value and financial success. This approach is Cloud Financial Management, and builds capability across your organization by implementing organizational wide knowledge building, programs, resources, and processes.

Many organizations are composed of many different units with different priorities. The ability to align your organization to an agreed set of financial objectives, and provide your organization the mechanisms to meet them, will create a more efficient organization. A capable organization will innovate and build faster, be more agile and adjust to any internal or external factors.

In AWS you can use Cost Explorer, and optionally Amazon Athena and Amazon QuickSight with the Cost and Usage Report (CUR), to provide cost and usage awareness throughout your organization. AWS Budgets provides proactive notifications for cost and usage. The AWS blogs provide information on new services and features to ensure you keep up to date with new service releases.

The following question focuses on these considerations for cost optimization. (For a list of cost optimization questions and best practices, see the Appendix.).

**COST 1:  How do you implement cloud financial management?**
Implementing Cloud Financial Management enables organizations to realize business value and financial success as they optimize their cost and usage and scale on AWS.

When building a cost optimization function, use members and supplement the team with experts in CFM and cost optimization. Existing team members will understand how the organization currently functions and how to rapidly implement improvements. Also consider including people with supplementary or specialist skill sets, such as analytics and project management.

When implementing cost awareness in your organization, improve or build on existing programs and processes. It is much faster to add to what exists than to build new processes and programs. This will result in achieving outcomes much faster.


#### Expenditure and usage awareness

The increased flexibility and agility that the cloud enables encourages innovation and fast-paced development and deployment. It eliminates the manual processes and time associated with provisioning on-premises infrastructure, including identifying hardware specifications, negotiating price quotations, managing purchase orders, scheduling shipments, and then deploying the resources. However, the ease of use and virtually unlimited on-demand capacity requires a new way of thinking about expenditures.

Many businesses are composed of multiple systems run by various teams. The capability to attribute resource costs to the individual organization or product owners drives efficient usage behavior and helps reduce waste. Accurate cost attribution allows you to know which products are truly profitable, and allows you to make more informed decisions about where to allocate budget.

In AWS, you create an account structure with AWS Organizations or AWS Control Tower, which provides separation and assists in allocation of your costs and usage. You can also use resource tagging to apply business and organization information to your usage and cost. Use AWS Cost Explorer for visibility into your cost and usage, or create customized dashboards and analytics with Amazon Athena and Amazon QuickSight. Controlling your cost and usage is done by notifications through AWS Budgets, and controls using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), and Service Quotas.

The following questions focus on these considerations for cost optimization.

**COST 2:  How do you govern usage?**
Establish policies and mechanisms to ensure that appropriate costs are incurred while objectives are achieved. By employing a checks-and-balances approach, you can innovate without overspending.

**COST 3:  How do you monitor usage and cost?**
Establish policies and procedures to monitor and appropriately allocate your costs. This allows you to measure and improve the cost efficiency of this workload.

**COST 4:  How do you decommission resources?**
Implement change control and resource management from project inception to end-of-life. This ensures you shut down or terminate unused resources to reduce waste.

You can use cost allocation tags to categorize and track your AWS usage and costs. When you apply tags to your AWS resources (such as EC2 instances or S3 buckets), AWS generates a cost and usage report with your usage and your tags. You can apply tags that represent organization categories (such as cost centers, workload names, or owners) to organize your costs across multiple services.

Ensure you use the right level of detail and granularity in cost and usage reporting and monitoring. For high level insights and trends, use daily granularity with AWS Cost Explorer. For deeper analysis and inspection use hourly granularity in AWS Cost Explorer, or Amazon Athena and Amazon QuickSight with the Cost and Usage Report (CUR) at an hourly granularity.

Combining tagged resources with entity lifecycle tracking (employees, projects) makes it possible to identify orphaned resources or projects that are no longer generating value to the organization and should be decommissioned. You can set up billing alerts to notify you of predicted overspending.


#### Cost-effective resources

Using the appropriate instances and resources for your workload is key to cost savings. For example, a reporting process might take five hours to run on a smaller server but one hour to run on a larger server that is twice as expensive. Both servers give you the same outcome, but the smaller server incurs more cost over time.

A well-architected workload uses the most cost-effective resources, which can have a significant and positive economic impact. You also have the opportunity to use managed services to reduce costs. For example, rather than maintaining servers to deliver email, you can use a service that charges on a per-message basis.

AWS offers a variety of flexible and cost-effective pricing options to acquire instances from Amazon EC2 and other services in a way that best fits your needs. On-Demand Instances allow you to pay for compute capacity by the hour, with no minimum commitments required. Savings Plans and Reserved Instances offer savings of up to 75% oﬀ On-Demand pricing. With Spot Instances, you can leverage unused Amazon EC2 capacity and offer savings of up to 90% oﬀ On-Demand pricing. Spot Instances are appropriate where the system can tolerate using a ﬂeet of servers where individual servers can come and go dynamically, such as stateless web servers, batch processing, or when using HPC and big data.

Appropriate service selection can also reduce usage and costs; such as CloudFront to minimize data transfer, or completely eliminate costs, such as utilizing Amazon Aurora on RDS to remove expensive database licensing costs.

The following questions focus on these considerations for cost optimization.

**COST 5:  How do you evaluate cost when you select services?**
Amazon EC2, Amazon EBS, and Amazon S3 are building-block AWS services. Managed services, such as Amazon RDS and Amazon DynamoDB, are higher level, or application level, AWS services. By selecting the appropriate building blocks and managed services, you can optimize this workload for cost. For example, using managed services, you can reduce or remove much of your administrative and operational overhead, freeing you to work on applications and business-related activities.

**COST 6:  How do you meet cost targets when you select resource type, size and number?**
Ensure that you choose the appropriate resource size and number of resources for the task at hand. You minimize waste by selecting the most cost effective type, size, and number.

**COST 7:  How do you use pricing models to reduce cost?**
Use the pricing model that is most appropriate for your resources to minimize expense.

**COST 8:  How do you plan for data transfer charges?**
Ensure that you plan and monitor data transfer charges so that you can make architectural decisions to minimize costs. A small yet effective architectural change can drastically reduce your operational costs over time.

By factoring in cost during service selection, and using tools such as Cost Explorer and AWS Trusted Advisor to regularly review your AWS usage, you can actively monitor your utilization and adjust your deployments accordingly.



#### Manage demand and supply resources

When you move to the cloud, you pay only for what you need. You can supply resources to match the workload demand at the time they’re needed, this eliminates the need for costly and wasteful over provisioning. You can also modify the demand, using a throttle, buﬀer, or queue to smooth the demand and serve it with less resources resulting in a lower cost, or process it at a later time with a batch service.

In AWS, you can automatically provision resources to match the workload demand. Auto Scaling using demand or time-based approaches allow you to add and remove resources as needed. If you can anticipate changes in demand, you can save more money and ensure your resources match your workload needs. You can use Amazon API Gateway to implement throttling, or Amazon SQS to implementing a queue in your workload. These will both allow you to modify the demand on your workload components.

The following question focuses on these considerations for cost optimization.

**COST 9:  How do you manage demand, and supply resources?**
For a workload that has balanced spend and performance, ensure that everything you pay for is used and avoid significantly underutilizing instances. A skewed utilization metric in either direction has an adverse impact on your organization, in either operational costs (degraded performance due to over-utilization), or wasted AWS expenditures (due to over-provisioning).

When designing to modify demand and supply resources, actively think about the patterns of usage, the time it takes to provision new resources, and the predictability of the demand pattern. When managing demand, ensure you have a correctly sized queue or buﬀer, and that you are responding to workload demand in the required amount of time.


#### Optimize over time

As AWS releases new services and features, it's a best practice to review your existing architectural decisions to ensure they continue to be the most cost effective. As your requirements change, be aggressive in decommissioning resources, entire services, and systems that you no longer require.

Implementing new features or resource types can optimize your workload incrementally, while minimizing the effort required to implement the change. This provides continual improvements in efficiency over time and ensures you remain on the most updated technology to reduce operating costs. You can also replace or add new components to the workload with new services. This can provide significant increases in efficiency, so it's essential to regularly review your workload, and implement new services and features.

The following question focuses on these considerations for cost optimization.

**COST 10:  How do you evaluate new services?**
As AWS releases new services and features, it's a best practice to review your existing architectural decisions to ensure they continue to be the most cost effective.

When regularly reviewing your deployments, assess how newer services can help save you money. For example, Amazon Aurora on RDS can reduce costs for relational databases. Using serverless such as Lambda can remove the need to operate and manage instances to run code.

### Sustainability

The Sustainability pillar focuses on environmental impacts, especially energy consumption and efficiency, since they are important levers for architects to inform direct action to reduce resource usage. 

#### Design principles

There are six design principles for sustainability in the cloud:

* **Understand your impact:** Measure the impact of your cloud workload and model the future impact of your workload. Include all sources of impact, including impacts resulting from customer use of your products, and impacts resulting from their eventual decommissioning and retirement. Compare the productive output with the total impact of your cloud workloads by reviewing the resources and emissions required per unit of work. Use this data to establish key performance indicators (KPIs), evaluate ways to improve productivity while reducing impact, and estimate the impact of proposed changes over time.

* **Establish sustainability goals:** For each cloud workload, establish long-term sustainability goals such as reducing the compute and storage resources required per transaction. Model the return on investment of sustainability improvements for existing workloads, and give owners the resources they need to invest in sustainability goals. Plan for growth, and architect your workloads so that growth results in reduced impact intensity measured against an appropriate unit, such as per user or per transaction. Goals help you support the wider sustainability goals of your business or organization, identify regressions, and prioritize areas of potential improvement.

* **Maximize utilization:** Right-size workloads and implement efficient design to ensure high utilization and maximize the energy efficiency of the underlying hardware. Two hosts running at 30% utilization are less efficient than one host running at 60% due to baseline power consumption per host. At the same time, eliminate or minimize idle resources, processing, and storage to reduce the total energy required to power your workload.

* **Anticipate and adopt new, more efficient hardware and software offerings:** Support the upstream improvements your partners and suppliers make to help you reduce the impact of your cloud workloads. Continually monitor and evaluate new, more efficient hardware and software offerings. Design for flexibility to allow for the rapid adoption of new efficient technologies.

* **Use managed services:** Sharing services across a broad customer base helps maximize resource utilization, which reduces the amount of infrastructure needed to support cloud workloads. For example, customers can share the impact of common data center components like power and networking by migrating workloads to the AWS Cloud and adopting managed services, such as AWS Fargate for serverless containers, where AWS operates at scale and is responsible for their efficient operation. Use managed services that can help minimize your impact, such as automatically moving infrequently accessed data to cold storage with Amazon S3 Lifecycle configurations or Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to adjust capacity to meet demand.

* **Reduce the downstream impact of your cloud workloads:** Reduce the amount of energy or resources required to use your services. Reduce or eliminate the need for customers to upgrade their devices to use your services. Test using device farms to understand expected impact and test with customers to understand the actual impact from using your services.


#### Definition

There are six best practice areas for sustainability in the cloud:

* Region selection
* User behavior patterns
* Software and architecture patterns
* Data patterns
* Hardware patterns
* Development and deployment process

Sustainability in the cloud is a continuous effort focused primarily on energy reduction and efficiency across all components of a workload by achieving the maximum benefit from the resources provisioned and minimizing the total resources required. This effort can range from the initial selection of an efficient programming language, adoption of modern algorithms, use of efficient data storage techniques, deploying to correctly sized and efficient compute infrastructure, and minimizing requirements for high-powered end-user hardware.

#### Region selection
Choose Regions where you will implement your workloads based on both your business requirements and sustainability goals.

The following question focuses on these considerations for sustainability. (For a list of sustainability questions and best practices, see the Appendix.)

**SUS 1:  How do you select Regions to support your sustainability goals?**
Choose Regions near Amazon renewable energy projects and Regions where the grid has a published carbon intensity that is lower than other locations (or Regions).


#### User behavior patterns

The way users consume your workloads and other resources can help you identify improvements to meet sustainability goals. Scale infrastructure to continually match user load and ensure that only the minimum resources required to support users are deployed. Align service levels to customer needs. Position resources to limit the network required for users to consume them. Remove existing, unused assets. Identify created assets that are unused and stop generating them. Provide your team members with devices that support their needs with minimized sustainability impact.

The following question focuses on this considerations for sustainability:

**SUS 2:  How do you take advantage of user behavior patterns to support your sustainability goals?**
The way users consume your workloads and other resources can help you identify improvements to meet sustainability goals. Scale infrastructure to continually match user load and ensure that only the minimum resources required to support users are deployed. Align service levels to customer needs. Position resources to limit the network required for users to consume them. Remove existing, unused assets. Identify created assets that are unused and stop generating them. Provide your team members with devices that support their needs with minimized sustainability impact.

Scale infrastructure with user load: Identify periods of low or no utilization and scale resources to eliminate excess capacity and improve efficiency.

Align SLAs with sustainability goals: Define and update service level agreements (SLAs) such as availability or data retention periods to minimize the number of resources required to support your workload while continuing to meet business requirements.

Eliminate creation and maintenance of unused assets: Analyze application assets (such as pre-compiled reports, data sets, and static images) and asset access patterns to identify redundancy, underutilization, and potential decommission targets. Consolidate generated assets with redundant content (for example, monthly reports with overlapping or common data sets and outputs) to eliminate the resources consumed when duplicating outputs. Decommission unused assets (for example, images of products that are no longer sold) to free consumed resources and reduce the number of resources used to support the workload.

Optimize geographic placement of workloads for user locations: Analyze network access patterns to identify where your customers are connecting from geographically. Select Regions and services that reduce the distance that network traffic must travel to decrease the total network resources required to support your workload.

Optimize team member resources for activities performed: Optimize resources provided to team members to minimize the sustainability impact while supporting their needs. For example, perform complex operations, such as rendering and compilation, on highly utilized shared cloud desktops instead of on under-utilized high-powered single user systems.


#### Software and architecture patterns

Implement patterns for performing load smoothing and maintaining consistent high utilization of deployed resources to minimize the resources consumed. Components might become idle from lack of use because of changes in user behavior over time. Revise patterns and architecture to consolidate under-utilized components to increase overall utilization. Retire components that are no longer required. Understand the performance of your workload components, and optimize the components that consume the most resources. Be aware of the devices your customers use to access your services, and implement patterns to minimize the need for device upgrades.

The following questions focus on these considerations for sustainability:

**SUS 3:  How do you take advantage of software and architecture patterns to support your sustainability goals?**
Implement patterns for performing load smoothing and maintaining consistent high utilization of deployed resources to minimize the resources consumed. Components might become idle from lack of use because of changes in user behavior over time. Revise patterns and architecture to consolidate under-utilized components to increase overall utilization. Retire components that are no longer required. Understand the performance of your workload components, and optimize the components that consume the most resources. Be aware of the devices your customers use to access your services, and implement patterns to minimize the need for device upgrades.

Optimize software and architecture for asynchronous and scheduled jobs: Use efficient software designs and architectures to minimize the average resources required per unit of work. Implement mechanisms that result in even utilization of components to reduce resources that are idle between tasks and minimize the impact of load spikes.

Remove or refactor workload components with low or no use: Monitor workload activity to identify changes in utilization of individual components over time. Remove components that are unused and no longer required, and refactor components with little utilization, to limit wasted resources.

Optimize areas of code that consume the most time or resources: Monitor workload activity to identify application components that consume the most resources. Optimize the code that runs within these components to minimize resource usage while maximizing performance.

Optimize impact on customer devices and equipment: Understand the devices and equipment your customers use to consume your services, their expected lifecycle, and the financial and sustainability impact of replacing those components. Implement software patterns and architectures to minimize the need for customers to replace devices and upgrade equipment. For example, implement new features using code that is backwards compatible with older hardware and operating system versions, or manage the size of payloads so they don’t exceed the storage capacity of the target device.

Use software patterns and architectures that best support data access and storage patterns: Understand how data is used within your workload, consumed by your users, transferred, and stored. Select technologies to minimize data processing and storage requirements.


#### Data patterns

Implement patterns for performing load smoothing and maintaining consistent high utilization of deployed resources to minimize the resources consumed. Components might become idle from lack of use because of changes in user behavior over time. Revise patterns and architecture to consolidate under-utilized components to increase overall utilization. Retire components that are no longer required. Understand the performance of your workload components, and optimize the components that consume the most resources. Be aware of the devices your customers use to access your services, and implement patterns to minimize the need for device upgrades.

The following question focuses on these considerations for sustainability:

**SUS 4:  How do you take advantage of data access and usage patterns to support your sustainability goals?**
Implement data management practices to reduce the provisioned storage required to support your workload, and the resources required to use it. Understand your data, and use storage technologies and configurations that best support the business value of the data and how it’s used. Lifecycle data to more efficient, less performant storage when requirements decrease, and delete data that’s no longer required.

Implement a data classification policy: Classify data to understand its significance to business outcomes. Use this information to determine when you can move data to more energy-efficient storage or safely delete it.

Use technologies that support data access and storage patterns: Use storage that best supports how your data is accessed and stored to minimize the resources provisioned while supporting your workload. For example, solid state devices (SSDs) are more energy intensive than magnetic drives and should be used only for active data use cases. Use energy-efficient, archival-class storage for infrequently accessed data.

Use lifecycle policies to delete unnecessary data: Manage the lifecycle of all your data and automatically enforce deletion timelines to minimize the total storage requirements of your workload.

Minimize over-provisioning in block storage: To minimize total provisioned storage, create block storage with size allocations that are appropriate for the workload. Use elastic volumes to expand storage as data grows without having to resize storage attached to compute resources. Regularly review elastic volumes and shrink over-provisioned volumes to fit the current data size.

Remove unneeded or redundant data: Duplicate data only when necessary to minimize total storage consumed. Use backup technologies that deduplicate data at the file and block level. Limit the use of Redundant Array of Independent Drives (RAID) configurations except where required to meet SLAs.

Use shared file systems or object storage to access common data: Adopt shared storage and single sources of truth to avoid data duplication and reduce the total storage requirements of your workload. Fetch data from shared storage only as needed. Detach unused volumes to free resources. Minimize data movement across networks: Use shared storage and access data from regional data stores to minimize the total networking resources required to support data movement for your workload.

Back up data only when difficult to recreate: To minimize storage consumption, only back up data that has business value or is required to satisfy compliance requirements. Examine backup policies and exclude ephemeral storage that doesn’t provide value in a recovery scenario.

#### Hardware patterns

Look for opportunities to reduce workload sustainability impacts by making changes to your hardware management practices. Minimize the amount of hardware needed to provision and deploy, and select the most efficient hardware for your individual workload.

The following question focuses on these considerations for sustainability:

**SUS 5:  How do your hardware management and usage practices support your sustainability goals?**
Look for opportunities to reduce workload sustainability impacts by making changes to your hardware management practices. Minimize the amount of hardware needed to provision and deploy, and select the most efficient hardware for your individual workload.

Use the minimum amount of hardware to meet your needs: Using the capabilities of the cloud, you can make frequent changes to your workload implementations. Update deployed components as your needs change.

Use instance types with the least impact: Continually monitor the release of new instance types and take advantage of energy efficiency improvements, including those instance types designed to support specific workloads such as machine learning training and inference, and video transcoding.

Use managed services: Managed services shift responsibility for maintaining high average utilization, and sustainability optimization of the deployed hardware, to AWS. Use managed services to distribute the sustainability impact of the service across all tenants of the service, reducing your individual contribution.

Optimize your use of GPUs: Graphics processing units (GPUs) can be a source of high-power consumption, and many GPU workloads are highly variable, such as rendering, transcoding, and machine learning training and modeling. Only run GPUs instances for the time needed, and decommission them with automation when not required to minimize resources consumed.


#### Development and deployment patterns

Look for opportunities to reduce your sustainability impact by making changes to your development, test, and deployment practices.

The following question focuses on these considerations for sustainability:

**SUS 6:  How do your development and deployment processes support your sustainability goals?**
Look for opportunities to reduce your sustainability impact by making changes to your development, test, and deployment practices.

Adopt methods that can rapidly introduce sustainability improvements: Test and validate potential improvements before deploying them to production. Account for the cost of testing when calculating potential future benefit of an improvement. Develop low-cost testing methods to enable delivery of small improvements.

Keep your workload up to date: Up-to-date operating systems, libraries, and applications can improve workload efficiency and enable easier adoption of more efficient technologies. Up-to-date software might also include features to measure the sustainability impact of your workload more accurately, as vendors deliver features to meet their own sustainability goals.

Increase utilization of build environments: Use automation and infrastructure as code to bring pre-production environments up when needed and take them down when not used. A common pattern is to schedule periods of availability that coincide with the working hours of your development team members. Hibernation is a useful tool to preserve state and rapidly bring instances online only when needed. Use instance types with burst capacity, spot instances, elastic database services, containers, and other technologies to align development and test capacity with use.

Use managed device farms for testing: Managed device farms spread the sustainability impact of hardware manufacturing and resource usage across multiple tenants. Managed device farms offer diverse device types so you can support older, less popular hardware, and avoid customer sustainability impact from unnecessary device upgrades.

### The review process

The review of architectures needs to be done in a consistent manner, with a blamefree approach that encourages diving deep. It should be a light weight process (hours not days) that is a conversation and not an audit. The purpose of reviewing an architecture is to identify any critical issues that might need addressing or areas that could be improved. The outcome of the review is a set of actions that should improve the experience of a customer using the workload.

As discussed in the “On Architecture” section, you will want each team member to take responsibility for the quality of its architecture. We recommend that the team members who build an architecture use the Well-Architected Framework to continually review their architecture, rather than holding a formal review meeting. A continuous approach allows your team members to update answers as the architecture evolves, and improve the architecture as you deliver features.

The AWS Well-Architected Framework is aligned to the way that AWS reviews systems and services internally. It is premised on a set of design principles that influences architectural approach, and questions that ensure that people don’t neglect areas that often featured in Root Cause Analysis (RCA). Whenever there is a significant issue with an internal system, AWS service, or customer, we look at the RCA to see if we could improve the review processes we use.

Reviews should be applied at key milestones in the product lifecycle, early on in the design phase to avoid one-way doors that are difficult to change, and then before the go-live date. (Many decisions are reversible, two-way doors. Those decisions can use a lightweight process. One-way doors are hard or impossible to reverse and require more inspection before making them.) After you go into production, your workload will continue to evolve as you add new features and change technology implementations. The architecture of a workload changes over time. You will need to follow good hygiene practices to stop its architectural characteristics from degrading as you evolve it. As you make significant architecture changes you should follow a set of hygiene processes including a Well-Architected review.

If you want to use the review as a one-time snapshot or independent measurement, you will want to ensure that you have all the right people in the conversation. Often, we find that reviews are the first time that a team truly understands what they have implemented. An approach that works well when reviewing another team's workload is to have a series of informal conversations about their architecture where you can glean the answers to most questions. You can then follow up with one or two meetings where you can gain clarity or dive deep on areas of ambiguity or perceived risk.

Here are some suggested items to facilitate your meetings:

* A meeting room with whiteboards
* Print outs of any diagrams or design notes
* Action list of questions that require out-of-band research to answer (for example, “did we enable encryption or not?”)

After you have done a review, you should have a list of issues that you can prioritize based on your business context. You will also want to take into account the impact of those issues on the day-to-day work of your team. If you address these issues early, you could free up time to work on creating business value rather than solving recurring problems. As you address issues, you can update your review to see how the architecture is improving.

While the value of a review is clear after you have done one, you may find that a new team might be resistant at first. Here are some objections that can be handled through educating the team on the benefits of a review:

* “We are too busy!” (Often said when the team is getting ready for a big launch.)

    * If you are getting ready for a big launch you will want it to go smoothly. The review will allow you to understand any problems you might have missed.

    * We recommend that you carry out reviews early in the product lifecycle to uncover risks and develop a mitigation plan aligned with the feature delivery roadmap.

* “We don’t have time to do anything with the results!” (Often said when there is an immovable event, such as the Super Bowl, that they are targeting.)

    * These events can’t be moved. Do you really want to go into it without knowing the risks in your architecture? Even if you don’t address all of these issues you can still have playbooks for handling them if they materialize.

* “We don’t want others to know the secrets of our solution implementation!”

    * If you point the team at the questions in the Well-Architected Framework, they will see that none of the questions reveal any commercial or technical proprietary information.

As you carry out multiple reviews with teams in your organization, you might identify thematic issues. For example, you might see that a group of teams has clusters of issues in a particular pillar or topic. You will want to look at all your reviews in a holistic manner, and identify any mechanisms, training, or principal engineering talks that could help address those thematic issues.




### Conclusion

The AWS Well-Architected Framework provides architectural best practices across the six pillars for designing and operating reliable, secure, efficient, cost-effective, and sustainable systems in the cloud. The Framework provides a set of questions that allows you to review an existing or proposed architecture. It also provides a set of AWS best practices for each pillar. Using the Framework in your architecture will help you produce stable and efficient systems, which allow you to focus on your functional requirements.

