# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Introduction

* Passing the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam won’t require you to know how to provision and launch complex, multitier cloud deployments. 
* But you will need to be broadly familiar with the workings of a wide range of AWS services.
* Even though the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Study Guide CLF-C01 Exam skews a bit more to the theoretical side than other AWS certifications, there’s still a great deal of value in working through each chapter’s hands-on exercises.
* Each chapter includes review questions to thoroughly test your understanding of the services you’ve seen. We’ve designed the questions to help you realistically gauge your understanding and readiness for the exam.
* The book also comes with a self-assessment exam at the beginning with 25 questions, two practice exams with a total of 100 questions, and flashcards to help you learn and   retain key facts needed to prepare for the exam.



### What does this book cover?

This book covers topics you need to know to prepare for the Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Certified Cloud Practitioner Study Guide exam:

* `Chapter 1: The Cloud` This chapter describes the core features of a cloud environment that distinguish it from traditional data center operations. It discusses how cloud platforms provide greater availability, scalability, and elasticity and what role technologies such as virtualization and automated, metered billing play.
* `Chapter 2: Understanding Your AWS Account` In this chapter, you’ll learn about AWS billing structures, planning and monitoring your deployment costs, and how you can use the Free Tier for a full year to try nearly any AWS service in real-world operations for little or no cost.
* `Chapter 3: Getting Support on AWS` This chapter is focused on where to find support with a problem that needs solving or when you’re trying to choose between complex options. You’ll learn about what’s available under the free Basic Support plan as opposed to the Developer, Business, and Enterprise levels.
* `Chapter 4: Understanding the AWS Environment` In this chapter, we discuss how, to enhance security and availability, Amazon organizes its resources in geographic regions and Availability Zones. You’ll also learn about Amazon’s global network of edge locations built to provide superior network performance for your applications.
* `Chapter 5: Securing Your AWS Resources` The focus of this chapter is security. You’ll learn how you control access to your AWS-based resources through identities, authentication, and roles. You’ll also learn about data encryption and how AWS can simplify your regulatory compliance.
* `Chapter 6: Working with Your AWS Resources` How will your team access AWS resources so they can effectively manage them? This chapter will introduce you to the AWS Management Console, the AWS Command Line Interface, software development kits, and  various infrastructure monitoring tools.
* `Chapter 7: The Core Compute Services` Providing an alternative to traditional physical compute services is a cornerstone of cloud computing. This chapter discusses Amazon’s Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Lightsail, and Elastic Beanstalk services. We also take a quick look at various serverless workload models.
* `Chapter 8: The Core Storage Services` This chapter explores Amazon’s object storage services including Simple Storage Service (S3) and Glacier for inexpensive and highly accessible storage, and Storage Gateway and Snowball for integration with your local resources.
* `Chapter 9: The Core Database Services` Here you will learn about how data is managed at scale on AWS, exploring the SQL-compatible Relational Database Service (RDS), the NoSQL DynamoDB platform, and Redshift for data warehousing at volume.
* `Chapter 10: The Core Networking Services` AWS lets you control network access to your  resources through virtual private clouds (VPCs), virtual private networks (VPNs), DNS routing through the Route 53 service, and network caching via CloudFront. This chapter focuses on all of them.
* `Chapter 11: Automating Your AWS Workloads` This chapter covers the AWS services designed to permit automated deployments and close DevOps integration connecting your development processes with your Amazon-based application environments.
* `Chapter 12: Common Use-Case Scenarios` This chapter illustrates some real-world, cloud optimized deployment architectures to give you an idea of the kinds of application environments you can build on AWS.
* `Appendix A: Answers to Review Questions` This appendix provides the answers and brief explanations for the questions at the end of each chapter.
* `Appendix B: Additional Services` To make sure you’re at least familiar with the full scope of AWS infrastructure, this appendix provides brief introductions to many of the services not mentioned directly in the chapters of this book.

### Interactive Online Learning Environment and Test Bank

The authors have worked hard to create some really great tools to help you with your certification process. 

The interactive online learning environment that accompanies this AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Study Guide includes a test bank with study tools to help you prepare for the certification exam—and increase your chances of passing it the first time.

* Sample tests
* Flashcards