# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Common Use-Case Scenarios

### Introduction

* When running an application, you expect it to perform well and be reliable, secure, and cost-efficient.
* AWS provides a set of guiding principles to help you achieve them.

The AWS Well-Architected Framework codifies these principles and organizes them into the following five pillars:

* Reliability
* Performance efficiency
* Security
* Cost optimization
* Operational excellence

You will teach how to implement the following real-world scenarios:

* A highly available web application using Auto Scaling and elastic load balancing
* Static website hosting using S3

### The Well-Architected Framework

* The Well-Architected Framework is a set of principles that AWS recommends as a way of evaluating the pros and cons of designing and implementing applications in the cloud.

#### Reliability

* Reliability means avoiding the complete failure of your application.
* Depending on how it’s architected, your application may depend on many different types of resources, including compute, storage, database, and networking.

Avoiding the complete failure of your application requires:

* First, you must strive to avoid the failure of the resources your application depends on. A resource can fail due to being misconfigured, overloaded, or shut down, either accidentally or intentionally.

* Second, when such a failure occurs—which it inevitably will—you must replace the failed resource with a healthy one.


#### Performance Efficiency

* Performance efficiency means getting the performance you desire without overprovisioning capacity, but also without sacrificing reliability.
* You want enough resources to provide redundancy when a resource fails, and you also want to add resources as demand increases.
* But you need assurance that at any given time, you have the right amount of resources for your given availability and performance requirements, and not a bit more.
* Performance and reliability are inextricably related.
* If a resource is overloaded, it’s likely that the application will perform poorly.
* That resource may eventually fail and bring your application down with it.
* Hence, monitoring the utilization and performance of your resources and adjusting based on those metrics is a critical aspect of both performance efficiency and reliability.
* The performance of an application is determined not only by the power and quantity of your compute and storage resources but also by the performance of the network between your resources and your users.
* For instance, you may have a web application running in an AWS Region in the United States. Users in the United States get excellent performance, but users in Australia may experience poor performance due to the network latency between themselves and your application.
* You can improve their performance by creating a CloudFront distribution to place your application’s content in edge locations that are closer to your them. By significantly improving performance at minimal cost, you’re achieving performance efficiency.




#### Security

* Security is concerned with ensuring the confi dentiality, integrity, and availability of data.
* In short, only those people and systems that need access to data should have it, and that data needs to be protected from unauthorized modification.

When it comes to securing the data stored on your AWS resources, you should know the following basic principles:

* Follow the principle of least privilege to create IAM user and resource policies that  grant delete or modify access only to those principals that need it.
* Avoid data loss by using backups and replication. Use Elastic Block Store (EBS) snapshots at any time to create recovery points for EC2 instances. Configure S3 object versioning and replication to make it possible to recover modified or destroyed data.
* Enforce confidentiality by using encryption to protect data at rest (such as data stored on EBS volumes and in S3 buckets) as well as data in transit as it moves into and out of your AWS infrastructure.
* Track every activity that occurs on your AWS resources by enabling detailed logging. This can tell you how well your security procedures are working. It can also help you identify security incidents during or after the fact.


#### Cost Optimization

* Cost optimization isn’t about getting your costs as close to zero as possible.
* Rather, you  achieve cost optimization when you use the cloud to meet your needs at the lowest possible cost.
* For instance, if reliability is important to you and you reduce costs in a way that makes your application less reliable, then you’re not practicing cost optimization.
* The first step to achieving cost optimization is to analyze where your money is going in the cloud.
* Use AWS Cost Explorer and the Cost and Usage reports to see how much you’re spending on AWS services and how those expenditures change over time.
* Use cost  allocation tags to break down resource costs by owner, department, or application.


* One of the most effective ways to achieve cost optimization is to pay only for the resources you need at any given time.
* For example, if there are temporary EC2 instances used for testing only a few days out of the month, you can save money by terminating those instances when they’re not needed.
* You can also save money by purchasing instance reservations or using spot instances to save over on-demand costs
* In addition to looking at the cost of a resource, you should also consider the cost of operating it.
* For example, the hourly cost of running a MySQL database on a relational database service (RDS) instance will be greater than the hourly cost of running the same database on an EC2 instance that you build and manage yourself.
* But when you factor in the additional labor and time involved in performing database backups, upgrades, and monitoring, you may find that using RDS to handle these tasks for you would be more cost effective.


#### Operational Excellence

* Operational excellence is fundamentally about automating the processes required to achieve and maintain the other four goals of reliability, performance efficiency, cost optimization, and security.
* But the idea behind operational excellence is to incrementally improve and automate more activities for the purpose of strengthening the other pillars.

Here are some simple examples of how automation can help achieve operational excellence:


**Reliability**
Use elastic load balancing health checks to monitor the health of an application running on several EC2 instances. When an instance fails, route users away from the failed instance and create a new one.


**Performance efficiency** 
Use EC2 Auto Scaling dynamic scaling policies to scale in and out automatically, ensuring you always have as many instances as you need and no more.

**Security** 
Use CodeBuild to automatically test new application code for security vulnerabilities. When deploying an application, use CloudFormation to automatically deploy fresh, secure infrastructure, rather than following a manual checklist.

**Cost optimization** 
Automatically shut down or decommission unused resources. For example, implement S3 object life cycle configurations to delete unneeded objects. Or if you have EC2 instances that are used for testing only during business hours, you can automatically shut them down at the end of the workday and restart them the following morning.


Many opportunities for automation aren’t obvious until there’s a failure. For instance, if someone deletes an application load balancer that’s operating as the front end of a critical web application, recovering from such an event would entail performing some quick manual work-arounds and re-creating the load balancer. Understanding how failures affect your application can help you avoid such failures in the future and automate recovery when they occur.


### Summary

* You can use AWS to design, build, or run almost any application that you would in a traditional datacenter. 
* But just treating AWS as a traditional data center would be a mistake. AWS allows you to implement a given scenario in a variety of ways, and each way comes with its own advantages and disadvantages.
* Recall the shared responsibility model you learned about in Chapter 4, “Understanding the AWS Environment.” 
* Both you and AWS are responsible for different aspects of your application running on AWS. By adhering to the principles laid out in the five pillars of the Well-Architected Framework, you can clearly see where your responsibility begins and ends for each AWS resource that you plan to use.
* Use the pillars to evaluate the trade-offs for different design decisions. For example, suppose you want to host a static website. On the one hand, you could host the site using S3, leaving AWS with the responsibility for ensuring its reliability, security, and performance. If the site receives a huge influx of visitors, it’s the job of AWS to ensure that the S3 service scales to meet that demand.
* On the other hand, you could host the same website using EC2 instances running the Apache web server. In that case, you’d be responsible for the reliability, security, and performance of the site. Given the same massive influx of visitors, it’d be up to you to ensure you have enough instances to handle the load.


### Exam Essentials


**Know the five pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework.** 
The five pillars are reliability, performance efficiency, security, cost optimization, and operational excellence. AWS describes these pillars at length in the AWS Well-Architected Framework white paper that you can find at https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/architecture/AWS_Well-Architected_Framework.pdf. You don’t need to read the entire white paper for the exam, but you must know the five pillars.

**Understand how AWS resources work together and separately to form the five pillars of the Well-Architected Framework.** 
Architecting AWS infrastructure from the ground up is beyond the scope of this book and the exam. But you should be able to look at an AWS Solution Architect’s diagram and explain some of the ways the resources achieve reliability,cost optimization, performance efficiency, security, or operational excellence.


**Be able to evaluate trade-offs between different design decisions.** 
If given two different implementation options for a given scenario, be able to identify some of the advantages and disadvantages of each. For example, you should know some of the trade-offs between using spot pricing for an EC2 instance versus on-demand pricing.