# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Practice Questions - Exam 01

**Question 1**

1.  A company is migrating a monolithic application that does not scale well into the cloud and refactoring it into a microservices architecture. Which best practice of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this plan related to?
*  A. Stop spending money on undifferentiated heavy lifting.
*  B. Implement loosely coupled services.
*  C. Manage change in automation.
*  D. Use multiple solutions to improve performance.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
A microservices architecture will help ensure that each component of the
application can scale independently and be updated independently. Loose coupling
further assists as it reduces the dependencies between systems and ensures that
messages and data being passed between application components can be reliably
and durably stored.
CORRECT: "Implement loosely coupled services" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Stop spending money on undifferentiated heavy lifting" is incorrect.
This is not the best practice being implemented by the company.
INCORRECT: "Manage change in automation" is incorrect. This is not the best
practice being implemented by the company.
INCORRECT: "Use multiple solutions to improve performance" is incorrect. This is
not the best practice being implemented by the company.




**Question 2**

2.  What can a Cloud Practitioner use to categorize and track AWS costs by project?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. Consolidated billing
*  C. Cost Allocation Tags
*  D. Multiple accounts

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Cost allocation tags can be used to tag and categorize your resources and then run
view the billing in Cost Explorer and the cost allocation report. For example you can
tag your resources by department or project and then view costs attributed to the
resources used by those groups.
CORRECT: "Cost Allocation Tags" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. This service advises you on best
practices for provisioning resources.
INCORRECT: "Consolidated billing" is incorrect. Consolidated billing will give you
usage per account but not per project.
INCORRECT: "Multiple accounts" is incorrect. You do not need to split your usage
across multiple accounts, you can instead use cost allocation tags.



**Question 3**

3.  Which AWS service can a team use to deploy infrastructure on AWS using familiar programming languages?
*  A. AWS CodeCommit
*  B. AWS Config
*  C. AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK)
*  D. Amazon CodeGuru

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
The AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) is an open source software
development framework to define cloud application resources using familiar
programming languages. With AWS CDK you can stick to using programming
languages that are familiar to you and have infrastructure deployed using AWS
CloudFormation.
CORRECT: "AWS Cloud Development Kit (Aws CDK)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CodeGuru" is incorrect. CodeGuru is used to review code and
provide intelligent recommendations for improvement.
INCORRECT: "AWS Config" is incorrect. AWS Config is used for configuration
compliance management.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodeCommit" is incorrect. CodeCommit is a fully-managed source
control service.



**Question 4**

4.  Which AWS Cloud service provides recommendations on how to optimize performance for AWS services?
*  A. Amazon Inspector
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. AWS CloudTrail
*  D. Amazon CloudWatch

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Trusted Advisor can improve the performance of your service by checking your
service limits, ensuring you take advantage of provisioned throughput, and
monitoring for overutilized instances.
CORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Inspector is an automated security
assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications
deployed on AWS.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. CloudWatch monitors performance
but does not provide recommendations for optimization.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is incorrect. CloudTrail is an auditing service.




**Question 5**

5.  Which tasks can a user complete using the AWS Cost Management tools? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Create budgets and receive notifications if current or forecasted usage exceeds the budgets.
*  B. Break down AWS costs by day, service, and linked AWS account.
*  C. Launch either EC2 Spot instances or On-Demand instances based on the current pricing.
*  D. Move data stored in Amazon S3 Standard to an archiving storage class to reduce cost.
*  E. Automatically terminate AWS resources if budget thresholds are exceeded

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
The AWS Cost Management tools includes services, tools. and resources to organize and track cost and usage
data, enhance control through consolidated billing and access permissions, enable better planning through
budgeting and forecasts, and further lower costs with resources and pricing optimizations.
CORRECT: "Break down AWS costs by day, service, and linked AWS account" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Create budgets and receive notifications if current or forecasted usage exceeds the budgets" is also
a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Automatically terminate AWS resources if budget thresholds are exceeded" is incorrect. The cost
management tools will not do this for you but they could generate an alert which could be processed by
another service to terminate resources.
INCORRECT: "Launch either EC2 Spot instances or On-Demand instances based on the current pricing" is
incorrect. The cost management tools do not integrate with the tools used to launch EC2 instances and cannot
choose the best pricing plan.
INCORRECT: "Move data stored in Amazon S3 Standard to an archiving storage class to reduce cost" is incorrect.
This is performed using lifecycle management in Amazon S3, it is not a task performed by cost management
tools.



**Question 6**

6.  A company must provide access to AWS resources for their employees. Which security practices should they follow? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Create IAM users in different AWS Regions.
*  B. Create IAM Roles and apply them to IAM groups.
*  C. Disable password policies and management console access.
*  D. Create IAM policies based on least privilege principles.
*  E. Enable multi-factor authentication for users.

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
There are several security best practices for AWS IAM that are listed in the document shared
below. Enabling multi-factor authentication is a best practice to require a second factor of
authentication when logging in. Another best practice is to grant least privilege access when
configuring users and password policies.
CORRECT: "Enable multi-factor authentication for users" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Create IAM policies based on least privilege principles" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Disable password policies and management console access" is incorrect. This is
not a security best practice. There is no need to disable management console access and
password policies should be used.
INCORRECT: "Create IAM users in different AWS Regions" is incorrect. You cannot create IAM
users in different Regions as the IAM service is a global service.
INCORRECT: "Create IAM Roles and apply them to IAM groups" is incorrect. You cannot apply
roles to groups, you apply policies to groups.



**Question 7**

7.  How much data can a company store in the Amazon S3 service?
*  A. 100 TB
*  B. Virtually unlimited
*  C. 100 PB

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) offers virtually unlimited storage. The total
volume of data and number of objects you can store are unlimited. Individual
Amazon S3 objects can range in size from a O bytes to a maximum of 5
terabytes. The largest object that can be uploaded in a single PUT is 5 gigabytes.
CORRECT: "Virtually unlimited" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "1 PB" is incorrect. There is no such limit.
INCORRECT: "100 TB" is incorrect. There is no such limit.
INCORRECT: "100 PB" is incorrect. There is no such limit.



**Question 8**

8.  Which resource should a new user on AWS use to get help with deploying popular technologies based on AWS best practices, including architecture and deployment instructions?
*  A. AWS Quick Starts
*  B. AWS Artifact
*  C. AWS config
*  D. AWS CloudFormation

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Quick Starts are built by Amazon Web Services (AWS) solutions architects and partners to help
you deploy popular technologies on AWS, based on AWS best practices for security and high
availability. These accelerators reduce hundreds of manual procedures into just a few steps, so
you can build your production environment quickly and start using it immediately.
Each Quick Start includes AWS CloudFormation templates that automate the deployment and a
guide that discusses the architecture and provides step-by-step deployment instructions.
CORRECT: "AWS Quick Starts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudFormation" is incorrect. CloudFormation is used to deploy
infrastructure from templates, the Quick Starts use Cloud Formation.
INCORRECT: "AWS Artifact" is incorrect. Artifact provides on-demand access to AWS security
and compliance reports.
INCORRECT: "AWS Config" is incorrect. Config is a service used for compliance relating to the
configuration of AWS resources.



**Question 9**

9.  A CloudPractitioner anticipates an increase in application traffic at a future date and time when a sales event will take place. How can the Cloud Practitioner configure Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to ensure the right number of Amazon EC2 instances are available ahead of the event?
*  A. Configure a step scaling policy.
*  B. Configure a scheduled scaling policy.
*  C. Configure predictive scaling.
*  D. Configure a target tracking scaling policy.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Scheduled scaling helps you to set up your own scaling schedule according to predictable load
changes. For example, let's say that every week the traffic to your web application starts to
increase on Wednesday, remains high on Thursday, and starts to decrease on Friday. You can
configure a schedule for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to increase capacity on Wednesday and
decrease capacity on Friday.
CORRECT: "Configure a scheduled scaling policy" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Configure predictive scaling" is incorrect. Predictive scaling uses daily and weekly
trends to determine when to scale. In this case the Cloud Practitioner knows about the event
that will require more resources.
INCORRECT: "Configure a target tracking scaling policy" is incorrect. This policy will cause the
ASG to attempt to keep resource utilization at the target value.
INCORRECT: "Configure a step scaling policy" is incorrect. Step scaling will launch resources in
response to demand, this will not ensure the resource are ready at the right time as there will
be a delay.



**Question 10**

10.  Customers using AWS services must patch operating systems on which of the following services?
*  A. Amazon DynamoDB
*  B. AWS Fargate
*  C. Amazon EC2
*  D. AWS Lambda

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 is an infrastructure as a service (IaaS) solution. This means the underlying
hardware and software layer for running a virtual server are managed for you. As a
customer you must then manage the operating system and any software you install. This
includes installing patches on the operating system as part of regular maintenance activities.
CORRECT: "Amazon EC2' is the correct answer.

INCORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is incorrect. This is a serverless service and you do not need to manage patches.

INCORRECT: "AWS Fargate" is incorrect. This is a serverless service and you do not need to manage patches.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. This is a serverless service and you do not need to manage patches.



**Question 11**

11.  A company is deploying a new workload and software licensing requirements dictate that the workload must be run on a specific, physical server. Which Amazon EC2 instance deployment option should be used?
*  A. Dedicated Hosts
*  B. Dedicated Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. Reserved Instances

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host is a physical server fully dedicated for your use, so you
can help address corporate compliance requirements. Amazon EC2 Dedicated Hosts allow
you to use your eligible software licenses from vendors such as Microsoft and Oracle on
Amazon EC2, so that you get the flexibility and cost effectiveness of using your own
licenses, but with the resiliency, simplicity and elasticity of AWS
CORRECT: "Dedicated Hosts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Dedicated Instances" is incorrect. With dedicated instances you are not
given a specific physical server to run your instances on.
INCORRECT: "Spot Instances" is incorrect. This deployment option does not provide a
specific physical server.
INCORRECT: "Reserved Instances" is incorrect. This deployment option does not provide a
specific physical server.




**Question 12**

12.  An Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) can include multiple:
*  A. Availability Zones.
*  B. Internet gateways.
*  C. Edge locations.
*  D. AWS Regions.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Amazon VPC includes multiple Availability Zones. Within a VPC you can
create subnets in each AZ that is available in the Region and distribute your
resources across these subnets for high availability.
CORRECT: "Availability Zones" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Regions" is incorrect. A VPC cannot include multiple Regions.
INCORRECT: "Edge locations" is incorrect. A VPC cannot include multiple Edge
locations as these are independent of the Region in which a VPC is created.
INCORRECT: "Internet gateways" is incorrect. You can only attach one Internet
gateway to each VPC.



**Question 13**

13.  A company needs to publish messages to thousands of subscribers simultaneously using a push mechanism. Which AWS service should the company use?
*  A. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
*  B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
*  C. Amazon Simple Workflow Service (SWF)
*  D. AWS Step Functions

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon SNS is a publisher/subscriber notification service that uses a push mechanism to
publish messages to multiple subscribers. Amazon SNS enables you to send messages or
notifications directly to users with SMS text messages to over 200 countries, mobile push
on Apple, Android and other platforms or email (SMTP).
CORRECT: "Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)" is incorrect. SQS is a message
queue service used for decoupling applications.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Workflow Service (SWF)" iS incorrect. SWF is a workflow
orchestration service, not a messaging service.
INCORRECT: "AWS Step Functions" is incorrect. AWS Step Functions is a serverless
workflow orchestration service for modern applications.



**Question 14**

14.  Which type of credential should a Cloud Practitioner use for programmatic access to AWS resources from the AWS CLI/API?
*  A. User name and password
*  B. Access keys
*  C. SSH public keys
*  D. SSL/TLS certificate

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. You can use
access keys to sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI or AWS API (directly or using the AWS
SDK).
Access keys consist of two parts: an access key ID (for example, AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE) and a
secret access key (for example wJalrXUtnFEMl/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY).
Like a user name and password, you must use both the access key ID and secret access key
together to authenticate your requests. Manage your access keys as securely as you do your user
name and password.
CORRECT: "Access keys" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "SSL/TLS certificate" is incorrect. Certificates are npt used by users for authenticating
to AWS services.
INCORRECT: "SSH public keys" is incorrect. These are used for connections using the SSH protocol.
INCORRECT: "User name and password" is incorrect. An IAM user name and password can be used
for console access but cannot be used with the CLI or API.




**Question 15**

15.  A company is planning to move a number of legacy applications to the AWS Cloud. The solution must be cost-effective. Which approach should the company take?
*  A. Migrate the applications to dedicated hosts on Amazon EC2.
*  B. Use AWS Lambda to host the legacy applications in the cloud.
*  C. Rehost the applications on Amazon EC2 instances that are right-sized.
*  D. Use an Amazon S3 static website to host the legacy application code.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
The most cost-effective solution that works is to use Amazon EC2 instances that are
right-sized with the moss optimum instance types. Right-sizing is the process of ensuring
that the instance type selected for each application provides the right amount of
resources for the application.
CORRECT: "Rehost the applications on Amazon EC2 instances that are right-sized" is the
correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Migrate the applications to dedicated hosts on Amazon EC2" is incorrect.
Dedicated hosts are expensive and there is no need to use them with this solution.
INCORRECT: "Use AWS Lambda to host the legacy applications in the cloud" is incorrect. It
is unlikely that you can simply host legacy applications using AWS Lambda.
INCORRECT: "Use an Amazon S3 static website to host the legacy application code" is
incorrect. You cannot host legacy application code in an S3 static website, only static
content is possible.



**Question 16**

16.  A company plans to use reserved instances to get discounted pricing for Amazon EC2 instances. The company may need to change the EC2 instance type during the one year period. Which instance purchasing 6ption is the MOST cost-effective for this use case?
*  A. Standard Reserved Instances
*  B. Zonal Reserved Instances
*  C. Regional Reserved Instances
*  D. Convertible Reserved Instances

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A convertible reserved instance enables you to exchange one or more Convertible
Reserved Instances for another Convertible Reserved Instance with a different
configuration, including instance family, operating system, and tenancy.
CORRECT: "Convertible reserved Instances" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Standard Reserved Instances" is incorrect. With standard RIS you
cannot change the instance type but you can change the instance size.
INCORRECT: "Regional Reserved Instances" is incorrect. Regional RIS apply to
instance usage within any AZ in a specified Region.
INCORRECT: "Zonal Reserved Instances" is incorrect. Zonal RIS apply to instance
usage within a specific AZ within an AWS Region.



**Question 17**

17.  A company is deploying a new web application in a single AWS Region that will be used by users globally. Which AWS services will assist with lowering latency and improving transfer speeds f" the global users? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Direct Connect
*  B. AWS Transfer Gateway
*  C. AWS Global Accelerator
*  D. Amazon CloudFront
*  E. AWS Snowcone

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that caches content around the world for
lower latency access. AWS Global Accelerator enables access to your application by leveraging the
same Edge Locations as CloudFront and routing connections across the AWS global network.
Both of these services assist with lowering latency and improving transfer speeds for users who are
distributed around the world.
CORRECT: "AWS Global Accelerator" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect. This service provides private connections from data
centers to AWS. It is not useful for distributed users as they will pot be able to take advantage of it.
INCORRECT: "AWS Transfer Gateway" is incorrect. This service is used for optimizing the network
topology of interconnected VPCs and on-premises networks.
INCORRECT: "AWS Snowcone" is incorrect. Snowcone is used as an edge device for transferring data.



**Question 18**

18.  According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is a responsibility of AWS?
*  A. Configuring network ACLs to block malicious attacks.
*  B. Patching software running on Amazon EC2 instances.
*  C. Updating the firmware on the underlying EC2 hosts.
*  D. Updating security group rules to enable connectivity.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS are responsible for updating firmware on the physical Amazon EC2 host servers.
Customers are then responsible for any patching of the EC2 operating system and any
installed software.
CORRECT: "Updating the firmware on the underlying EC2 hosts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Configuring network ACLs to block malicious attacks" is incorrect. This is a
customer responsibility.
INCORRECT : "Patching software running on Amazon EC2 instances" is incorrect. This is a
customer responsibility.
INCORRECT : "Updating security group rules to enable connectivity" is incorrect. This is a
customer responsibility.



**Question 19**

19.  Which AWS service provides a managed software version control system?
*  A. AWS CodePipeline
*  B. AWS CodeCommit
*  C. Amazon CodeDeploy
*  D. AWS DataSync

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS CodeCommit is a fully-managed source control service that hosts secure Git-based
repositories. It makes it "sy for teams to collaborate on code in a secure and highly scalable
ecosystem.
CodeCommit eliminates the need to operate your own source control system or worry about
scaling its infrastructure. You can use (Codecommit to securely store anything from source code
to binaries, and it works seamlessly with your existing Git tools.
CORRECT: "AWS codecommit" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CodeDeploy" is incorrect. CodeDeploy is a deployment service that
deploys your application onto infrastructure.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodePipeline" is incorrect. CodePipeline is a continuous delivery service that
automates release pipelines for code. CodeCommit can be used in a pipeline.
INCORRECT: "AWS DataSync" is incorrect. DataSync is used for replication and migrating data
between storage systems and AWS.



**Question 20**

20.  Which of the following AWS features or services can be used to provide root storage volumes for Amazon EC2 instances?
*  A. Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)
*  B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)
*  C. Amazon Machine Image
*  D. Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) provides block-based storage volumes for Amazon
EC2 instances. Root volumes are where the operating system is installed and can be
either EBS volumes or instance store_volumes.
CORRECT: "Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Machine Image" is incorrect. An AMI provides the information
required to launch an instance including the mapping of EBS volumes.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)" is incorrect. EFS volumes cannot be used
for the root storage volume but can be mounted to store data.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)" is incorrect. Amazon S3 buckets cannot
be attached to EC2 instances in any way, it is a service that is accessed via a REST API.



**Question 21**

21.  A customer needs to determine Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for a workload that requires physical isolation. Which hosting model should be accounted for?
*  A. Dedicated Hosts
*  B. On-Demand Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. Reserved Instances

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host is a physical server with EC2 instance capacity fully dedicated to
your use. Dedicated Hosts allow you to use your existing per-socket, per-core, or per-VM
software licenses, including Windows Server, Microsoft SQL Server, SUSE, and Linux Enterprise
Server.
Note that dedicated hosts can be considered a "hosting model" as it determines the actual
underlying infrastructure that is used for running your workload. All of the other answers are
simply pricing plans for shared hosting models.
CORRECT: "Dedicated Hosts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Reserved Instances" is incorrect as this pricing model does not support physical
isolation.
INCORRECT: "On-Demand Instances" is incorrect as this pricing model does not support physical
isolation.
INCORRECT: "Spot Instances" is incorrect as this hosting pricing does not support physical
isolation.



**Question 22**

22.   Which of the following statements best describes the concept of agility in relation to cloud computing on AWS? (Select TWO.)
*  A. The ability to experiment quickly.
*  B. The ability to automatically scale capacity.
*  C. The elimination of wasted capacity.
*  D. The speed at which AWS rolls out new features.
*  E. The speed at which AWS resources can be created.

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
In a cloud computing environment, new IT resources are only a click away, which means that
you reduce the time to make those resources available to your developers from weeks to just
minutes. This results in a dramatic increase in agility for the organization, since the cost and
time it takes to experiment and develop is significantly lower.
CORRECT: "The ability to experiment quickly" iS a correct answer.
CORRECT: "The speed at which AWS resources can be created" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "The speed at which AWS rolls out new features" is incorrect. This is not a
statement that describes agility.
INCORRECT: "The elimination of wasted capacity" is incorrect. This is also known as right-sizing
and it is a cost benefit of running in the cloud. It is not a statement that describes agility.
INCORRECT: "The ability to automatically scale capacity" is incorrect. Auto scaling ensures you
have the right amount of capacity available.



**Question 23**

23.  Which AWS service or feature can assist with protecting a website that is hosted outside of AWS?
*  A. Amazon EC2 security groups
*  B. AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)
*  C. Amazon VPC network ACLs
*  D. Amazon VPC route tables

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS WAF can be used to protect on-premises resources if they are deployed behind an
Application Load Balancer (ALB). In this scenario the on-premises website servers are
added to a target group by IP address. The ALB has a WAF WebACL attached to it and
distributes connections to the on-premises website.
CORRECT: "AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon VPC route tables" is incorrect. A route table cannot be used for
protecting resources running outside AWS.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2 security groups" is incorrect: Security groups can only be
attached to EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "Amazon VPC network ACLs" is incorrect. Network ACLs only filter traffic
entering and leaving a VPC subnet.



**Question 24**

24.  Which of the following AWS services are compute services? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  B. AWS CloudTrail
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. Amazon EFS
*  E. AWS Batch

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
AWS Batch enables developers, scientists, and engineers to easily and efficiently run hundreds
of thousands of batch computing jobs on AWS.
AWS Elastic Beanstalk is an easy-to-use service for deploying and scaling web applications and
services developed with Java, .NET, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go, and Docker on familiar
servers such "Apache, Nginx, Passenger, and IIS.
CORRECT: "AWS Batch" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS Elastic Beanstalk" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is incorrect. CloudTrail is used for auditing.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EFS" is incorrect. The Elastic File System (EFS) is used for storing data and
is mounted by EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Amazon Inspector is an automated security
assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on
AWS.



**Question 25**

25.  A company is deploying an application in the AWS Cloud. How can they  secure the application? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Configure public access for the AWS services used by the application.
*  B. Provide full admin access to developer and operations staff.
*  C. Enable monitoring by turning off encryption for data in transit.
*  D. Limit access privileges according to the principle least privilege.
*  E. Enable encryption for the application data at rest.

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
In this scenario the company must apply best practice principles for securing their application.
Enabling encryption for data at rest is definitely a good practice and data in transit should also be
encrypted where possible well. It is also a good practice to limit access privileges according to
the principle of least privilege. This means limiting privileges to those required to perform a
specific role.
CORRECT: "Enable encryption for the application data attest" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Limit access privileges according to the principle of least privilege" is also a correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "Configure public access for the AWS services used by the application" is incorrect. In
some cases public access may be required and in that case only the front end service(s) should be
configured for public access. Otherwise it would be best to not enable public access.
INCORRECT: "Enable monitoring by turning off encryption for data in transit" is incorrect. There is
no need to turn off encryption in transit to enable monitoring and this would reduce security.
INCORRECT: "Provide full admin access to developer and operations staff" is incorrect. This is not a
security best practice; it is better to assign permissions according to the principle of least privilege.



**Question 26**

26.  A company is deploying an application on Amazon EC2 that requires low-latency access to application components in an on-premises data center. Which AWS service or resource can the company use to extend their existing VPC to the on-premises data center?
*  A. Amazon Workspaces
*  B. AWS Outposts
*  C. AWS Direct Connect
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Outposts is a fully managed service that offers the same AWS infrastructure, AWS
services, APIs, and tools to virtually any datacenter, co-location space, or on-premises
facility for a truly consistent hybrid experience. With AWS Outposts you can extend your
PC into the on-premises data center as in the following diagram:
CORRECT: "AWS Outposts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Connect" is incorrect. Amazon Connect provides a seamless
omnichannel experience through a single unified contact center for voice, chat, and task
management.
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect. Direct Connect is used for creating a
low-latency private connection to an on-premises data center but it cannot be used to
extend the VPC.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Workspaces" is incorrect. Amazon WorkSpaces is a managed,
secure Desktop-as-a-Service (DaaS) solution.



**Question 27**

27.  Which of the following is a sole responsibility of AWS?
*  A. Customer data access controls
*  B. Application deployment
*  C. Patch management
*  D. Availability Zone management

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
According to the shared responsibility model, AWS is responsible for the management of
all AWS global infrastructure components including Regions, Availability Zones, Edge
locations, Regional Edge Caches, and Local Zones.
CORRECT: "Availability One management" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Application deployment" is incorrect. Applications are deployed by
customers, not AWS.
INCORRECT: "Patch management" is incorrect. Patch management is a shared
responsibility. Customers must patch instances databases running on EC2 and AWS will
patch the underlying infrastructure and some managed services.
INCORRECT: "Customer data access controls" is incorrect. Customers are responsible for
implementing access controls for their data.



**Question 28**

28.  Which of the following can an AWS customer use to launch a new ElastiCache cluster? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Management Console
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. AWS Concierge
*  D. AWS Data Pipeline
*  E. AWS CloudFormation

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
There are several ways to launch resources in AWS. You can use the AWS Management Console or
Command Line Interface (CLI) or you can automate the process by using tools such as AWS
CloudFormation.
With AWS CloudFormation you can deploy infrastructure such as Amazon ElastiCache clusters by
defining your desired configuration state in code using a template file written in JSON or YAML.
CloudFormation will then deploy the resources by creating a Stack according to the template file.
CORRECT: "AWS CloudFormation" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS Management Console" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Concierge" is incorrect. The Concierge Support Team is available for customer who
have an Enterprise level support plan. This team does nat launch resources for you.
INCORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is incorrect. Systems Manager will not launch an ElastiCache
cluster for you.
INCORRECT: "AWS Data Pipeline" is incorrect. AWS Data Pipeline is a web service that helps you reliably
process and move data between different AWS compute and storage services.



**Question 29**

29.  An application uses a PostgreSQL database running on a single Amazon EC2 instance. A Cloud Practitioner has been asked to increase the availability of the database so there is automatic recovery in the case of a failure. Which tasks can the Cloud Practitioner take to meet this requirement?
*  A. Set the DeleteOnTermination value to false for the EBS root volume.
*  B. Configure EC2 Auto Recovery to move the instance to another Region.
*  C. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS and enable the Multi-AZ feature.
*  D. Configure an Elastic Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instance.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Moving the database to Amazon RDS means that the database can take advantage of the
built-in Multi-AZ feature. This feature creates a standby instance in another Availability Zone
and synchronously replicates to it. In the event of a failure that affects the primary database an
automatic failover can occur and the database will become functional on the standby instance.
CORRECT: "Migrate the database to Amazon RDS and enable the Multi-AZ feature" is the correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "Configure an Elastic Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instance" is incorrect. You
cannot use an ELB to distribute traffic to a database and with a single instance there's no
benefit here at all.
INCORRECT: "Configure EC2 Auto Recovery to move the instance to another Region" is incorrect.
The auto recovery feature of EC2 automatically moves the instance to another host, not to
another Region.
INCORRECT: "Set the DeleteOnTermination value to false for the EBS root volume" is incorrect.
This will simply preserve the root volume; it will not perform automatic recovery



**Question 30**

30.  What advantages does a database administrator obtain by using the Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)?
*  A. RDS provides 99.99999999999% reliability and durability.
*  B. RDS simplifies relational database administration tasks.
*  C. RDS enables users to dynamically adjust CPU and RAM resources.
*  D. RDS databases automatically scale based on load.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon RDS is a managed relational database service on which you can run several types
of database software. The service is managed so this reduces the database
administration tasks as administrator would normally undertake. The managed service
includes hardware provisioning, database setup, patching and backups.
CORRECT: "RDS simplifies relational database administration tasks" is the correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "RDS databases automatically scale based on load" is incorrect. This is not
true, storage auto scaling is possible but for compute it scales by changing instance type
(manual).
INCORRECT: "RDS provides 99.99999999999% reliability and durability" is incorrect. This is
not true of Amazon RDS.
INCORRECT: "RDS enables users to dynamically adjust CPU and RAM resources" is
incorrect. You cannot adjust CPU and RAM dynamically, you must change the instance
type and reboot the database instance.



**Question 31**

31.  Which of the following will help a user determine if they need to request an Amazon EC2 service limit increase?
*  A. AWS Service Health Dashboard
*  B. AWS Cost Explorer
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. AWS Personal Health Dashboard

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you real time guidance to help you
provision your resources following AWS best practices. Trusted Advisor checks help optimize
your AWS infrastructure, improve security and performance, reduce your overall costs, and
monitor service limits.
CORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Personal Health Dashboard" is incorrech.The personal health dashboard
shows issues or upcoming events that may impact your resources. It does not notify of service
limit breaches.
INCORRECT: "AWS Service Health Dashboard" is incorrect. This dashboard simply shows the
current service health and any issues across Regions.
INCORRECT: "AWS Cost Explorer" is incorrect. Cost Explorer is used for viewing costs and will not
assist with service limits.



**Question 32**

32.  A company uses Amazon EC2 instances to run applications that are dedicated to different departments. The company needs to break out the costs of these applications and allocate them to the relevant department. The FC2 instances run in a single VPC. How can the company achieve these requirements?
*  A. Enable billing access for IAM users and view the costs in Cost Explorer.
*  B. Add additional Amazon VPCs and launch each application in a separate VPC.
*  C. Enable billing alerts through Amazon CloudWatch and Amazon SNS.
*  D. Create tags by department on the instances and then run a cost allocation report.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The company should create cost allocation tags that specify the department and assign
them to resources. These tags must be activated so they are visible in the cost allocation
report. Once this is done and a monthly cost allocation report has been configured it will
be easy to monitor the costs for each department.
CORRECT: "Create tags by department on the instances and then run a cost allocation
report" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Enable billing access for IAM users and view the costs in Cost Explorer" is
incorrect. Cost explorer will not show a breakdown Of the costs by department.
INCORRECT: "Enable billing alerts through Amazon CloudWatch and Amazon SNS" is
incorrect. A billing alert simply lets you know you have reached a cost threshold.
INCORRECT: "Add additional Amazon VPCs and launch each application in a separate
VPC" is incorrect. This will not help as billing is not broken out by VPC so they will not be
able to determine the costs per department using this method.



**Question 33**

33.  Which AWS feature can be used to launch a pre-configured Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance?
*  A. Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
*  B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)
*  C. Amazon EC2 Systems Manager
*  D. Amazon AppStream 2.0

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Amazon Machine Image (AMI).provides the information required to launch an
instance. You must specify an AMI when you launch an instance. You can launch multiple
instances from a single AMI when you need multiple instances with the same
configuration. You can use different AMIs to launch instances when you need instances
with different configurations.
CORRECT: "Amazon Machine Image (AMI)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)" is incorrect. EBS is block-based storage for
EC2.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2 Systems Manager" is incorrect . AWS Systems Manager gives
you visibility and control of your infrastructure on AWS.
INCORRECT: "Amazon AppStream 2.0" is incorrect. Amazon AppStream 2.0 is a fully
managed non-persistent application and desktop streaming service.



**Question 34**

34.  What is one method of protecting against distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks in the AWS Cloud?
*  A. Monitor the Service Health Dashboard.
*  B. Enable AWS CloudTrail logging.
*  C. Configure a firewall in front of resources.
*  D. Use Amazon CloudWatch monitoring.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Some forms of DDoS mitigation are included automatically with AWS services. You can
further improve your DDoS resilience by using an AWS architecture with specific services
and by implementing additional best practices. Using a firewall with AWS resources is
recommended to reduce the attack surface of your services which can mitigate some
DDoS attacks.
CORRECT: "Configure a firewall in front of resources" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Use Amazon CloudWatch monitoring" is incorrect. Performance monitoring
will not protect against DDOS.
INCORRECT: "Enable AWS CloudTrail logging" is incorrect. Logging API calls will not
protect against DDoS.
INCORRECT: "Monitor the Service Health Dashboard" is incorrect. The service health
dashboard is not personalized to your resources so is not useful for monitoring and will
not protect against DDoS.



**Question 35**

35.  Which AWS services can a company use to gather information about activity in their AWS account? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Amazon CloudWatch
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. AWS CloudTrail
*  E. Amazon Connect

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudWatch is a performance monitoring service. AWS services send metrics about their
utilization CloudWatch which collects the metrics. Additionally,tCloudWatch collects metrics about
account activity such as billing information which can also be viewed.
AWS CloudTrail is an auditing service that monitors API activity in your account. Whenever you
perform any operation in the account this results in an API action and this information is recorded to
create an audit trail.
CORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is incorrect. CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN).
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. This service is used to assist with guidance on
provisioning resources according to best practice.

INCORRECT: "Amazon Connect" is incorrect. This is a contact center service.



**Question 36**

36.  A user needs to identify underutilized Amazon EC2 instances to reduce costs. Which AWS service or feature will meet this requirement?
*  A. AWS Cost Explorer
*  B. AWS CodeBuild
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. AWS Personal Health Dashboard

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Trusted Advisor offers a rich set of best practice checks and recommendations across five
categories: cost optimization, security, fault tolerance, performance, and service limits.
The Trusted Advisor "low utilization Amazon EC2 instances" check, checks the Amazon Elastic
Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances that were running at any time during the last 14 days
and alerts you if the daily CPU utilization was 10% or less and network I/O was 5 MB or less on 4
or more days.
CORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodeBuild" is incorrect. CodeBuild is used for compiling and testing code
ahead of deployment.
INCORRECT: "AWS Cost Explorer" is incorrect. Cost Explorer can be used to view itemized costs
but you cannot check resource utilization.

INCORRECT: "AWS Personal Health Dashboard" is incorrect. This dashboard will not warn you
about under utilization of resources.



**Question 37**

37.  Which benefits can a company gain by deploying a relational database on Amazon RDS instead of Amazon EC2? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Root access to OS
*  B. Indexing of tables
*  C. Software patching
*  D. Schema management
*  E. Automated backups

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
Two of the benefits of using a managed Amazon RDS service instead of a self-managed
database on EC2 are that you get automated backups and automatic software patching.
CORRECT: "Automated backups" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Software patching" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Schema management" is incorrect. This is not a feature of the managed
service.
INCORRECT: "Indexing of tables" is incorrect. This is not a feature of the managed service.
INCORRECT: "Root access to OS" is incorrect. You do not get root access to an RDS
instance's operating system.



**Question 38**

38.  Which of the following deployments involves the reliability pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?
*  A. Amazon EBS provisioned IOPS volume
*  B. Attach a WebACL to a CloudFront distribution
*  C. Use CloudFormation to deploy infrastructure
*  D. Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
An Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) deployment across multiple
availability zones is a good example of using the reliability pillar of the AWS
Well-Architected Framework. The specific design principle being followed here is
"Automatically recover from failure".
CORRECT: "Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EBS provisioned IOPS volume" is incorrect. This would be an
example of performance efficiency.
INCORRECT: "Attach a WebACL to a CloudFront distribution" is incorrect. This would
be an example of using the security pillar.
INCORRECT: "Use CloudFormation to deploy infrastructure" is incorrect,this would be an example of using the operational excellence pillar.



**Question 39**

39.  Which of the following represents a value proposition for using the AWS Cloud?
*  A. AWS provides full access to their data centers.
*  B. AWS is responsible for securing your applications.
*  C. It is not necessary to enter into long term contracts.
*  D. Customers can request specialized hardware.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
With AWS you can pay for what you use and there is no requirement to enter into long
term contracts. However, there are opportunities to gain large discounts by committing
to 1 or 3 years contracts for reserved instances and savings plans.
CORRECT: "It is not necessary to enter into long term contracts" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS is responsible for securing your applications" is incorrect. AWS does
not secure your applications.
INCORRECT: "Customers can request specialized hardware" is incorrect. This is not true;
you have no say in what hardware AWS utilizes.
INCORRECT: "AWS provides full access to their data centers" is incorrect. This is never the
case; you cannot access the AWS data centers.



**Question 40**

40.  What are AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) access keys used for?
*  A. Enabling encryption in transit for web servers.
*  B. Making programmatic calls to AWS from AWS APIs.
*  C. Logging in to the AWS Management Console.
*  D. Ensuring the integrity of log files.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. You can use
access keys to sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI or AWS API (directly or using the AWS
SDK).
Access keys consist of two parts: an access key ID (for example; AKIAlOSFODNN7EXAMPLE) and a
secret access key (for example; wJalrXUtnFEMl/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY).
Like a user name and password, you must use both the access key ID and secret access key
together to authenticate your requests. Manage your access keys as securely as you do your user
name and password.
CORRECT: "Making programmatic calls to AWS from AWS APIs" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Logging in to the AWS Management Console" is incorrect. You use a user name and
password for the management console.
INCORRECT: "Ensuring the integrity of log files" is incorrect. This is not what access keys are used
for.

INCORRECT: "Enabling encryption in transit for web servers" is incorrect. SSL/TLS certificates are
used for creating encrypted channels using HTTPS.



**Question 41**

41.  A large company is interested in avoiding long-term contracts and moving from fixed costs to variable costs. What is the value proposition of AWS for this company?
*  A. Pay-as-you-go pricing
*  B. Automated cost optimization
*  C. Volume pricing discounts
*  D. Economies of scale

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Pay-as-you-go pricing helps companies move away from fixed costs to variable costs in a model
in which they only pay for what they actually use. There are no fixed term contracts with AWS
so that requirement is also met.
CORRECT: "Pay-as-you-go pricing" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Economies of scale" is incorrect. You do get good pricing because of the economies
of scale leveraged by AWS. However, the value proposition for companies wishing to avoid fixed
costs is pay-as-you-go pricing. This flexibility can be more important in some cases than the
actual cost per unit.
INCORRECT: "Volume pricing discounts" is incorrect. This is not the value proposition for this
company as they are seeking to avoid long-term contracts and fixed costs, not to achieve a
discount.
INCORRECT: "Automated cost optimization" is incorrect. This is a not a feature that relates to
the value proposition for this customer.



**Question 42**

42.  For what purpose would a Cloud Practitioner access AWS Artifact?
*  A. Gain access to AWS security and compliance documents.
*  B. Download configuration details for all AWS resources.
*  C. Access training materials for AWS services.
*  D. Create a security assessment report for AWS services.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that matters to
you. It provides on-demand access to AWS' security and compliance reports and select online
agreements.
Reports available in AWS Artifact Include our Service Organization Control (SOC) reports,
Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation bodies across
geographies and compliance verticals that validate the implementation and operating
effectiveness of AWS security controls.
CORRECT: "Gain access to AWS security and compliance documents" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Download configuration details for all AWS resources" is incorrect. Artifact does
not provide this capability.
INCORRECT: "Access training materials for AWS services" is incorrect. Artifact does not provide
training materials.
Window'.
INCORRECT: "Create a security assessment report for AWS services" is incorrect. Artifact cannot
be used for this purpose.



**Question 43**

43.  A Cloud Practitioner is developing a new application and wishes to integrate features of AWS services directly into the application. Which of the following is the BEST tool for this purpose?
*  A. AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)
*  B. AWS CodeDeploy
*  C. AWS CodePipeline
*  D. AWS Software Development Kit

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A software development kit (SDK) isa collection of software development tools in one
installable package. AWS provide SDKs for various programming languages and these
can be used for integrating the features of AWS services directly into an application.
CORRECT: "AWS Software Development Kit" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)" is incorrect. The AWS CLI is used for
running commands but is not the best tool for integrating features of AWS services
directly into an application.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodeDeploy" is incorrect. CodeDeploy is used for deploying code
from a code repository and actually installing the application.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodePipeline" is incorrect. CodePipeline is used for automating the
code release lifecycle.



**Question 44**

44.  A company is planning to deploy an application with a relational database on AWS. The application layer requires access to the database instance's operating system in order to run scripts. The company prefers to keep management overhead to a minimum. Which deployment should be used for the database?
*  A. Amazon EC2
*  B. Amazon S3
*  C. Amazon RDS
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The company would like to keep management overhead to a minimum so RDS would be
good to meet that requirement. However, with RDS you,cannot access the operating
system so the requirement for running scripts on the OS rules RDS out. Therefore, the
next best solution is to deploy on an Amazon EC2 instances as the other options
presented are unsuitable for a relational database.
CORRECT: "Amazon EC2" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon RDS" is incorrect as the application would not be able to access the
OS of the RDS instance to run scripts.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. This is a non-relational database.
INCORRECT: "Amazon S3" is incorrect. This is an object-storage system and is not suitable
for running a relational database.



**Question 45**

45.  A Cloud Practitioner needs to monitor a new Amazon EC2 instances CPU and network utilization. Which AWS service should be used?
*  A. Amazon CloudWatch
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. AWS CloudTrail
*  D. Amazon Inspector

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudWatch is a performance monitoring service. AWS services send metrics
about their utilization to CloudWatch which collects the metrics. You can then view the
results in CloudWatch and configure alarms.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is incorrect. CloudTr il is used for auditing, not
performance monitoring.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Inspector is an automated security service.
INCORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is incorrect. Systems Manager is used for managing
EC2 instances such as installing patches and software.



**Question 46**

46.  Which AWS service can a company use to discover and protect sensitive data that is stored in Amazon S3 buckets.
*  A. Amazon GuardDuty
*  B. AWS Policy Generator
*  C. Amazon Detective
*  D. Amazon Macie

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon Macie is a fully managed data security and data privacy service that uses machine learning and pattern
matching to discover and protect your sensitive data in AWS. Amazon Macie automates the discovery of
sensitive data at scale and lowers the cost of protecting your data.
Macie automatically provides an inventory of Amazon S3 buckets including a list of unencrypted buckets,
publicly accessible buckets, and buckets shared with AWS accounts outside those you have defined in AWS
Organizations.
Then, Macie applies machine learning and pattern matching techniques to the buckets you select to identify
and alert you to sensitive data, such as personally identifiable information (PID.
CORRECT: "Amazon Macie" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon GuardDuty" is incorrect. Amazon GuardDuty is a threat detection service that
continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior to protect your AWS accounts,
workloads, and data stored in Amazon S3.
INCORRECT: "AWS Policy Generator" is incorrect. The AWS Policy Generator is a tool that enables you to create
policies that control access to Amazon Web Services (AWS) products and resources.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Detective" is incorrect. Amazon Detective automatically processes terabytes of event
data records about IP traffic, AWS management operations, and malicious or unauthorized activity.



**Question 47**

47.  A company is deploying a MySQL database on AWS. The database must easily scale and have automatic backup enabled. Which AWS service should the company?
*  A. Amazon Aurora
*  B. Amazon Athena
*  C. Amazon DocumentDB
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Aurora is a relational database that is compatible with MySQL and PostgreSQL
database engines. Aurora is extremely fast and scales up to 128 TB. You can also deploy
replicas for read scaling within and across Regions. Aurora also offers automated
backups.
CORRECT: "Amazon Aurora" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. DynamoDB is a NoSQL (non-relational)
database and you cannot deploy a MySQL database as it is a relational database type.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Athena" is incorrect. Athena is used for querying data in Amazon
S3 using SQL.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DocumentDB" is incorrect. DocumentDB is a NoSQL database that
supports document data structures.



**Question 48**

48.  A company is launching a new website which is expected to have highly variable levels of traffic. The website will run on Amazon EC2 and must be highly available. What is the MOST cost-effective approach?
*  A. Determine the highest expected traffic and use an appropriate instance type.
*  B. Create an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group and configure an Elastic Load Balancer.
*  C. Use the AWS CLI to launch and terminate Amazon EC2 instances to match demand.
*  D. Launch the website using an Amazon EC2 instance running on a dedicated host.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The most cost-effective approach for ensuring the website is highly available on Amazon EC2
instances is to use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group. This Will ensure that the appropriate
number of instances is always available to service the demand. An Elastic Load Balancer can be
placed in front of the instances to distribute incoming connections.
CORRECT: "Create an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group and configure an Elastic Load Balancer" is
the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Use the AWS CLI to launch and terminate Amazon EC2 instances to match
demand" is incorrect. This is a manual approach and would not be recommended.
INCORRECT: "Determine the highest expected traffic and use an appropriate instance type" is
incorrect. This approach will result in the company overpaying when the demand is low.
INCORRECT: "Launch the website using an Amazon EC2 instance running on a dedicated host" is
incorrect. This is an expensive solution as dedicated hosts are very costly and should only be
used when physical isolation of resources or host visibility is required.



**Question 49**

49.  Which of the following are valid benefits of using the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Total control over data center infrastructure.
*  B. Ability to go global quickly.
*  C. Outsource all application development to AWS.
*  D. Outsource all operational risk.
*  E. Fast provisioning of IT resources.

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
The ability to provision IT resources quickly and easily and also globally are valid benefits
of using the LAWS cloud. These are covered in AWS' 6 advantages of cloud which include
"Increase speed and agility" and "Go global in minutes".
CORRECT: "Fast provisioning of IT resources" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Ability to go global quickly" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Outsource all operational risk" is incorrect. You do not outsource all
operational risk; you still have to manage risk for the applications you run on AWS.
INCORRECT: "Total control over data center infrastructure" is incorrect. You don't have
any control over data center infrastructure in the AWS Cloud.
INCORRECT: "Outsource all application development to AWS" is incorrect. You must still
develop your own applications on the AWS Cloud.



**Question 50**

50.  A Cloud Practitioner needs a tool that can assist with viewing and managing AWS costs and usage over time. Which tool should the Cloud Practitioner use?
*  A. AWS Organizations
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. AWS Cost Explorer
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you visualize, understand, and
manage your AWS costs and usage over time. AWS Cost Explorer provides you with a set
of default reports that you can us? as the starting place for your analysis. From there,
use the filtering and grouping capabilities to dive deeper into your cost and usage data
and generate custom insights.
CORRECT: "AWS Cost Explorer" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Budgets" is incorrect. AWS Budgets allows you to set custom budgets
to track your cost and usage from the simplest to the most complex use cases.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Amazon Inspector is an automated security
assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications
deployed on AWS
Activate Window
INCORRECT: "AWS Organizations" is incorrect. AWS Organizations allows you to organize
accounts, create accounts programmatically, and leverage consolidated billing.


