# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Practice Questions - Exam 02



**Question 51**

51.  Which tasks require the use of the AWS account root user?(Select TWO.)
*  A. Viewing AWS CloudTrail logs.
*  B. Changing the account name.
*  C. Changing AWS Support plans.
*  D. Changing payment currency.
*  E. Enabling encryption for S3

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Some tasks can only be performed by the root user of an AWS account. This
includes changing the account name and changing AWS support plans. For more
information view the AWS article referenced below.
CORRECT: "Changing the account name" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Changing AWS Support plans" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Enabling encryption for S3" is incorrect. This does not require root.
INCORRECT: "Viewing AWS CloudTrail logs" is incorrect. This does not require root.
INCORRECT: "Changing payment currency" is incorrect. This does not require root.



**Question 52**

52.  A company has multiple AWS accounts and is using AWS Organizations with consolidated billing. Which advantages will they benefit from? (Select TWO.)
*  A. The default service limits in all accounts will be increased.
*  B. They may benefit from lower unit pricing for aggregated usage.
*  C. They will be automatically enrolled in a business support plan.
*  D. They will receive a fixed discount for all usage across accounts.
*  E. They will receive one bill for the accounts in the Organization.

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
You can use the consolidated billing feature in AWS Organizations to consolidate billing and payment
for multiple AWS accounts. With consolidated billing you get:
- One bill for multiple accounts
- Easy tracking or charges across accounts.
  Combined usage across accounts and sharing of volume pricing discounts, reserved instance
  discounts and savings plans.
- No extra fee.
  CORRECT: "They will receive one bill for the accounts in the Organization" is a correct answer.
  CORRECT: "They may benefit from lower unit pricing for aggregated usage" is also a correct answer.
  INCORRECT: "The default service limits in all accounts will be increased" is incorrect. This is not true;
  service limit defaults are unaffected.
  INCORRECT: "They will receive a fixed discount for all usage across accounts" is incorrect. There is no
  fixed usage discount applied for consolidated billing.

INCORRECT: "They will be automatically enrolled in a business support plan" is incorrect. This is not
true; you must always pay for the business support plan.



**Question 53**

53.  Which design principles are enabled by the AWS Cloud to improve the operation of workloads? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Customized hardware
*  B. Loose coupling
*  C. Remove single points of failure
*  D. Minimum viable product
*  E. Minimize platform design

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Loose coupling is when you break systems down into smaller components that are loosely
coupled together. This reduces interdependencies between systems components. This is
achieved in the cloud using messages buses, notification and messaging services.
Removing single points of failure ensures fault tolerance and high availability. This is easily
achieved in the cloud as the architecture and features of the cloud support the implementation
of highly available and fault tolerant systems.
CORRECT: "Loose coupling" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Remove single points of failure" is alSo a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Customized hardware" is incorrect. You cannot customize hardware in the cloud.
INCORRECT: "Minimize platform design" is incorrect. This is not an operational advantage for
workloads in the cloud.
INCORRECT: "Minimum viable product" is incorrect. This is not an operational advantage for
workloads in the cloud.



**Question 54**

54.  A company plans to deploy a relational database on AWS. The IT department will perform database administration. Which service should the company use?
*  A. Amazon DynamoDB
*  B. Amazon EC2
*  C. Amazon RedShift
*  D. Amazon ElastiCache

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
A self-managed relational database can be installed on Amazon EC2. When using this
deployment you can choose the operating system and instance type that suits your
needs and then install and manage any database software you require.
table below helps you to understand when to use different types of database
deployment:
CORRECT: "Amazon ECT' is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon RedShift" is incorrect. RedShiftås managed data warehouse
solution and is better suited to use cases where analytics of data is required.
INCORRECT: "Amazon ElastiCache" is incorrect. ElastiCache is a managed service for
in-memory, high-performance caching of database content.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. DynamoDB is a non-relational (NoSQL)
type of database.



**Question 55**

55.  A company runs a batch job on an Amazon EC2 instance and it takes 6 hours to complete. The workload is expected to double in volume each month with a proportional increase in processing time. What is the most efficient cloud architecture to address the growing workload?
*  A. Run the batch workload in parallel across multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
*  B. Run the application on a bare metal Amazon EC2 instance.
*  C. Change the Amazon EC2 volume type to a Provisioned IOPS SSD volume.
*  D. Run the batch job on a larger Amazon EC2 instance type with more CPU.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The most efficient option is to use multiple EC2 instances and distribute the workload across
them. This is an example of horizontal scaling and will allow the workload to keep growing in
size without any issue and without increasing the overall processing timeframe.
CORRECT: Run the batch workload in parallel across multiple Amazon EC2 instances" is the
correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Run the batch job on a larger Amazon EC2 instance type with more CPU" is
incorrect. This may help initially but over time this will not scale well and the workload will
take many days to complete.
INCORRECT: "Change the Amazon EC2 volume type to a Provisioned IOPS SSD volume" is
incorrect. This will improve the underlying performance of the EBS volume but does not assist
with processing (more CPU is needed, i.e. by spreading across instances).
INCORRECT: "Run the application on a bare metal Amazon EC2 instance" is incorrect. Bare metal
instances are used for workloads that require access to the hardware feature set (such as Intel
VT-x), for applications that need to run in non-virtualized environments for licensing support
requirements, or for customers who wish to use their own hypervisor.



**Question 56**

56.  A user is planning to launch three EC2 instances behind a single Elastic Load Balancer. The deployment should be highly available.
*  A. Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region and the same   Availability Zone.
*  B. Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region, but in   different Availability Zones.
*  C. Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions, and use Elastic IP addresses.
*  D. Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
To make the deployment highly available the user should launch the instances across multiple
Availability Zones in a single AWS Region. Elastic Load Balancers can only serve targets in a
single Region so it i? not possible to deploy across Regions.
CORRECT: "Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region" is
the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region and the same
Availability Zone" is incorrect. The pricing model is not relevant to high availability and
deploying in a single AZ does not result in a highly available deployment.
INCORRECT: "Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions, and use Elastic IP addresses" is
incorrect. You cannot use an ELB with instances in multiple Regions and using an EIP does not
help.
INCORRECT: "Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region; but in
different Availability Zones" is incorrect. Using reserved instances may not be appropriate as
we do not know whether this is going to be a long-term workload or not.



**Question 57**

57.  A company was many underutilized compute resources on-premises. Which AWS Cloud feature will help resolve this issue?
*  A. Global deployment
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. Fault tolerance
*  D. High availability

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Elasticity can resolve the issue of underutilization as you can easily and automatically
adjust the resource allocations for your compute resources based on actual utilization.
This ensures that you have the right amount of resources and do not pay for more than
you need.
CORRECT: "Elasticity" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "High availability" is incorrect. This dys not help with resolving
under utilization.
INCORRECT: "Fault tolerance" is incorrect. This does not help with resolving
under utilization.
INCORRECT: "Global deployment" is incorrect. This does not help with resolving
under utilization.



**Question 58**

58.  A Cloud Practitioner requires point-in-time recovery (PITR) for an Amazon DynamoDB table. Who is responsible for configuring and performing backups?
*  A. AWS is responsible for configuring and the user is responsible for performing   backups.
*  B. AWS is responsible for both tasks.
*  C. The customer is responsible for both tasks.
*  D. The customer is responsible for configuring and AWS is responsible for performing backups.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Point-in-time recovery (PITR) provides continuous backups of your DynamoDB table data. When
enabled, DynamoDB maintains incremental backups of your table for the last 35 days until you
explicitly turn it off. It is a customer Responsibility to enable PITR on and AWS is responsible for
actually performing the backups.
CORRECT: "The customer is responsible for configuring and AWS is responsible for performing
backups" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS is responsible for configuring and the user is responsible for performing
backups" is incorrect. This is backwards, users are responsible for configuring and AWS is
responsible for performing backups.
INCORRECT: "AWS is responsible for both tasks" is incorrect. This is not true as users must
configure PITR.
INCORRECT: "The customer is responsible for both tasks" is incorrect. This is not true, AWS
perform the backups.



**Question 59**

59.  AWS are able to continually reduce their pricing due to:
*  A. Compute savings plans.
*  B. Elastic compute services.
*  C. Economies of scale.
*  D. Pay-as-you go pricing.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
By using cloud computing, you can achieve a lower variable cost than you can get on
your own. Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers is aggregated in
the cloud, providers such as AWS can achieve higher economies of scale, which
translates into lower pay as-you-go prices.
CORRECT: "economies of scale" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "pay-as-you go pricing" is incorrect. This is a benefit to the customer but
is not the reason the actual unit prices are continually being reduce.
INCORRECT: "elastic compute services" is incorrect. Elasticity is useful for scaling your
resources and aligning costs with demand but is not why AWS prices are being
lowered.
INCORRECT: "compute savings plans" is incorrect. This is another feature you can take
advantage of for bigger discounts but is not the reason for prices being lowered.



**Question 60**

60.  When running applications in the AWS Cloud, which common tasks can AWS manage on behalf of their customers? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Patching database software
*  B. Taking a backup of a database
*  C. Application security testing
*  D. Application source code auditing
*  E. Creating a database schema

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
With AWS managed services you can reduce your time spent performing common IT tasks.
With services such as Amazon RD*AWS will patch the database host operating system and
database software and perform patch management activities.
CORRECT: "Patching database software" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Taking a backup of a database" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Application source code auditing" is incorrect AWS does not audit your source
code. You can use Amazon CodeGuru for recommendations for improvement though.
INCORRECT: "Creating a database schema" is incorrect. AWS does not create your schema;
this is something that's in the customer's control.
INCORRECT: "Application security testing" is incorrect. AWS does not perform any security
testing of your applications.



**Question 61**

61.  A website has a global customer base and users have reported poor performance when connecting to the site. Which AWS service will improve the customer experience by reducing latency?
*  A. Amazon ElastiCache
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
*  D. AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network (CDN) service that securely
delivers data, videos, application?, and APIs to customers globally with low latency,
high transfer speeds, all within a developer-friendly environment.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect. Direct Connect is a private network
connection between an on-premises center and AWS.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling" is incorrect. Auto Scaling launches and
terminates instances, this does not reduce latency for global users.
INCORRECT: "Amazon ElastiCache" is incorrect. ElastiCache is a database caching
service, it is not used to cache websites.



**Question 62**

62.  How does the AWS cloud increase the speed and agility of execution for customers? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Scalable compute capacity
*  B. Lower cost of deployment
*  C. Private connections to data centers
*  D. Secured data centers
*  E. Fast provisioning of resources

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
The ability to quickly provision resources on AWS is a good example of speed and agility. On
AWS the resources are readily available and can be deployed extremely quickly. Scalable
compute capacity is another example as it gives you the agility to easily reconfigure your
resources with more or less capacity as is required.
CORRECT: "Fast provisioning of resources" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Scalable compute capacity" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Private connections to data centers" is incorrect. A private connection to a data
center is not an example of speed and agility.
INCORRECT: "Secured data centers" is incorrect. Secured data centers are not an example of
speed and agility.
INCORRECT: "Lower cost of deployment" is incorrect. This is not an example of speed and
agility.



**Question 63**

63.  An individual IAM user must be granted access to an Amazon S3 bucket using a bucket policy. Which element in the S3 bucket policy should bé updated to define the user account for which access will be granted?
*  A. Resource
*  B. Principal
*  C. Condition
*  D. Action

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The Principal element specifies the user, account, service, or other entity that is allowed
or denied access to a resource. The bucket policy below has a Principal element set to *
which is a wildcard meaning any user. To grant access to a specific IAM user the following
format can be used:
CORRECT: "Principal" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Action" is incorrect. Actions are the permiSsions that you can specify in a
policy.
INCORRECT: "Resource" is incorrect. Resources are the ARNs of resources you wish to
specify permissions for.
INCORRECT: "Condition" is incorrect. Conditions define certain conditions to apply when
granting permissions such as the source IP address of the caller.



**Question 64**

64.  A company is designing a new a service that must align with the operational excellence pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework. Which design principles should the company follow? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Anticipate failure.
*  B. Perform operations as code.
*  C. Create static operational procedures.
*  D. Perform manual operations.
*  E. Make large-scale changes.

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
AWS Well-Architected helps cloud architects build secure, high-performing, resilient, and efficient
infrastructure for their applications and-workloads. There are 5 pillars and under the operational
excellence pillar the following best practices are recommended:
• Perform operations as code
• Make frequent, small, reversible changes
• Refine operations procedures frequently
• Anticipate failure
• Learn from all operational failures
CORRECT: "Anticipate failure" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Perform operations as code" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Make large-scale changes" is incorrect. This is not an operational best practice.
INCORRECT: "Perform manual operations" is incorrect. This is not an operational best practice.
INCORRECT: "Create static operational procedures" is incorrect. This is not an operational best practice.



**Question 65**

65.  What is the best practice for managing AWS IAM access keys?
*  A. Never use access keys, always use IAM roles.
*  B. Customers should rotate access keys regularly.
*  C. There is no need to manage access keys.
*  D. AWS rotate access keys on a schedule.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
It is a security best practice to rotate access keys regularly. This practice ensures
that if access keys are compromised the security exposure is mitigated.
CORRECT: "Customers should rotate access keys regularly" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "There is no need to manage access keys" is incorrect. This is not true;
you must rotate access keys.
INCORRECT: "AWS rotate access keys on a schedule" is incorrect. AWS do not rotate
your access keys.
INCORRECT: "Never use access keys, always use IAM roles" is incorrect. It is often
better and more secure to use IAM roles for some uses but it is certainly not the
case that you should never use access keys.



**Question 66**

66.  Which of the following best describes an Availability Zone in the AWS Cloud?
*  A. One or more physical data centers
*  B. A subnet for deploying resources into
*  C. A completely isolated geographic location
*  D. One or more edge locations based around the world

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
An Availability Zone (AZ) is one or more discrete data centers with redundant power,
networking, and connectivity in an AWS Region. AZ's give Customers the ability to operate
production applications and databases that are more highly available, fault tolerant, and
scalable than would be possible from a single data center.
The diagram below shows how AZs relate to AWS Regions:
CORRECT: "One or more physical data centers" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "A completely isolated geographic location" is incorrect. This is a description
of an AWS Region.
INCORRECT: "One or more edge locations based around the world" is incorrect. Edge
locations are used by Amazon CloudFront for caching content.
INCORRECT: "A subnet for deploying resources into" is incorrect. Subnets are created
within AZs.



**Question 67**

67.  What can a Cloud Practitioner use the AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator for?
*  A. Estimate savings when comparing the AWS Cloud to an on-premises   environment
*  B. Generate reports that break down AWS Cloud compute costs by duration,   resource, or tags
*  C. Enable billing alerts to monitor actual AWS costs compared to estimated costs
*  D. Estimate a monthly bill for the AWS Cloud resources that will be used

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The TCO calculator allow you to estimate the cost savings when using AWS, compared to
on-premises, and provide a detailed set of reports that can be used in executive
presentations. The calculators also give you the option to modify assumptions that best
meet your business needs.
CORRECT: "Estimate savings when comparing the AWS Cloud to an on-premises
environment" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Generate reports that break down AWS Cloud compute costs by duration,
resource, or tags" is incorrect. This describes the AWS Cost & Usage Report.
INCORRECT: "Estimate a monthly bill for the AWS Cloud resources that will be used" is
incorrect. This describes the AWS Pricing Calculator (or Simple Monthly Calculator).
INCORRECT: "Enable billing alerts to monitor actual AWS costs compared to estimated
costs" is incorrect. Billing alerts can be enabled using Amazon CloudWatch.



**Question 68**

68.  A company plan to move the application development to AWS. Which benefits can they achieve when developing and running applications in the AWS Cloud compared to on-premises? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS will fully manage the entire application.
*  B. AWS automatically replicates all data globally.
*  C. AWS takes care of application security patching.
*  D. AWS can accommodate large changes in application demand.
*  E. AWS makes it easy to implement high availability.

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
AWS provides many options for high availability including multiple availability zones within
Regions and multiple Regions around the world. There are also.many options to leverage durable
data storage, message buses. databases.
AWS has a huge global infrastructure with massive amounts of capacity. It is therefore very easy
to accommodate large changes in application demand and this can often be seamless to your
application.
CORRECT: "AWS makes it easy to implement high availability" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS can accommodate large changes in application demand" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS automatically replicates all data globally" is incorrect. This is not true: data is
not replicated globally unless you configure it do so.
INCORRECT: "AWS will fully manage the entire application" is incorrect. This is not true; AWS will
not manage your application.
Activate
INCORRECT: "AWS takes care of application security patching' is incorrect. AWS take care of
security patches for the underlying infrastructure but not your application.



**Question 69**

69.  Which AWS service is used to send both text and email messages from distributed applications?
*  A. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
*  B. Amazon Simple Workflow Service (Amazon SWF)
*  C. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)
*  D. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Simple Notification-service (SNS) is a highly available, durable, secure, fully managed pub/sub
messaging service that enables you to decouple microservices, distributed systems, and serverless
applications.
Amazon SNS provides topics for high-throughput, push-based, many-to-many messaging. Using Amazon
SNS topics, your publisher systems can fan out messages to a large number of subscriber endpoints for
parallel processing, including Amazon SQS queues, AWS Lambda functions, and HTTP/S webhooks.
Additionally. SNS can be used to fan out notifications to end users using mobile push. SMS, and email.
CORRECT: "Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)" is incorrect: This service is used for sending email
but not SMS text messages.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Workflow Service (Amazon SWF)" is incorrect. Amazon SWF helps developers
build, run, and scale background jobs that have parallel or sequential steps. You can think of Amazon SWF
as a fully-managed state tracker and task coordinator in the Cloud.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)" is incorrect. Amazon Simple Queue Service
(SQS) is a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale microservices,
distributed systems, and serverless applications.



**Question 70**

70.  Which AWS support plans provide support via email, chat and phone? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Global
*  B. Business
*  C. Basic
*  D. Enterprise
*  E. Developer

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
Only the business and enterprise plans provide support via email, chat
and phone.
CORRECT: "Business" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Enterprise" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Basic" is incorrect does not proviåe support via email, chat
and phone.
INCORRECT: "Developer" is incorrect only provides email support.
INCORRECT: "Global" is incorrect is not a support plan offered by AWS.



**Question 71**

71.  Which of the statements below is correct in relation to Consolidated Billing? (Select TWO.)
*  A. You can combine usage and share volume pricing discounts
*  B. You pay a fee per linked account
*  C. You are charged a fee per user
*  D. You receive one bill per AWS account
*  E. You receive a single bill for multiple accounts

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
Consolidated billing has the following benefits:
One bill - You get one bill for multiple accounts.
Easy tracking - You can track the charges across multiple accounts and download the combined
cost and usage data.
Combined usage - You can combine the usage across all accounts in the organization to share the
volume pricing discounts and Reserved Instance discounts. This can result in a lower charge for
your project, department, or company than with individual standalone accounts.
CORRECT: "You receive a single bill for multiple accounts" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "You can combine usage and share volume pricing discounts" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "You receive one bill per AWS account" is incorrect as you receive a single bill for
multiple accounts.
INCORRECT: "You pay a fee per linked account" is incorrect as you do not pay fee,
INCORRECT: "You are charged a fee per user" is incorrect as you do not pay a fee.



**Question 72**

72.  Which of the following a valid best practices for using the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) service? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users.
*  B. Grant maximum privileges to IAM users.
*  C. Embed access keys in application code.
*  D. Create individual IAM users.
*  E. Use inline policies instead of customer managed policies.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
This is the list of valid IAM best practices:
• Lock away your AWS account root user access keys
• Create individual IAM users
• Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users
• Grant least privilege
• Get started uS1ng permissions with AWS managed policies
• Use customer managed policies instead of inline policies
• Use access levels to review IAM permissions
• Configure a strong password policy for your users
• Enable MFA
• Use roles for applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances
• use roles to delegate permissions
• Do not share access keys
• Rotate credentials regularly
• Remove unnecessary credentials
• Use policy conditions for extra security
• Monitor activity in your AWS account
• Video presentation about IAM best practices
CORRECT: "Create individual IAM users" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Embed access keys in application code" is incorrect. This is not a best practice; you should always try and avoid
embedding any secret credentials and access keys in application code. Instead, it is preferable to use IAM roles to delegate permission
to applications.
INCORRECT: "Use inline policies instead of customer managed policies" is incorrect. This is not a best practice. You should use
customer managed policies instead of inline policies.
INCORRECT: "Grant maximum privileges to IAM users" is incorrect. You should instead follow the principle of least privilege and grant
the minimum permissions a user needs to perform their job role.



**Question 73**

73.  Which AWS service can be used to perform data extract, transform, and load (ETL) operations so you can prepare data for analytics?
*  A. AWS Glue
*  B. Amazon QuickSight
*  C. Amazon Athena
*  D. Amazon S3 Select

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Glue is a serverless data integration service that makes it easy to discover, prepare, and combine data
for analytics, machine learning, and application development. AWS Glue provides all of the capabilities
needed for data integration so that you can start analyzing your data and putting it to use in minutes instead
of months.
AWS Glue provides both visual and code-based interfaces to make data integration easier. Users can easily
find and access data using the AWS Glue Data Catalog. Data engineers and ETL (extract, transform, and load)
developers can visually create, run, and monitor ETL workflows with a few clicks in AWS Glue Studio.
See how AWS Glue works with ETL workloads:
CORRECT: "AWS Glue" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon QuickSight" is incorrect. Amazon QuickSight is a cloud-native, serverless, business
intelligence service.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Athena" is incorrect. Amazon Athena is a serverless, interactive query service to query
data and analyze big data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL

INCORRECT: "Amazon S3 Select" is incorrect. This service enables applications to retrieve only a subset of
data from an object by using simple SQL expressions.



**Question 74**

74.  Which AWS service protects against common exploits that could compromise application availability, compromise security or consume excessive resources?
*  A. Security Group
*  B. AWS Shield
*  C. Network ACL
*  D. AWS WAF

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS WAF is a web application firewall that protects against common exploits that
could compromise application availability, compromise security or consume
excessive resources.
CORRECT: "AWS WAF" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Shield" is incorrect. AWS Shield is a managed Distributed Denial
of Service (DDoS) protection service.
INCORRECT: "Security Group" is incorrect. Security groups are firewalls applied at
the instance level.
INCORRECT: "Network ACL" is incorrect. Network ACLs are firewalls applied at the
subnet level.



**Question 75**

75.  Which AWS service can be used to load data from Amazon S3, transform it, and move it to another destination?
*  A. Amazon Kinesis
*  B. Amazon EMR
*  C. Amazon RedShift
*  D. AWS Glue

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Glue is an Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) service. You can use AWS Glue with
data sources on Amazon S3, RedShiftand other databases. With AWS Glue you transform
and move the data to various destinations. It is used to prepare and load data for
analytics.
CORRECT: "AWS Glue" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon RedShift" is incorrect. Amazon RedShift is a data warehouse. With a
data warehouse you load data from other databases such as transactional SQL databases
and run analysis. You can analyze data using SQL and Business Intelligence tools.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EMR" is incorrect. Amazon EMR is a managed Hadoop framework
running on EC2 and S3. It is used for analyzing data, not for ETL.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Kinesis" is incorrect. Amazon Kinesis is used for collecting,
processing and analyzing real-time streaming data.



**Question 76**

76.  Which of the following should be used to improve the security of access to the AWS Management Console? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Certificate Manager
*  B. AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (AWS MFA)
*  C. Security group rules
*  D. AWS Secrets Manager
*  E. Strong password policies

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
For extra security, AWS recommends that you require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all users in your account.
With MFA, users have a device that generates a response to an authentication challenge.
Both, the user's credentials (something you know) and the device-generated response (something you have) are
required to complete the sign-in process. If a user's password or access keys are compromised, your account
resources are still secure because of the additional authentication requirement.
Additionally, strong password policies should be used to enforce measures including minimum password length,
complexity, and password reuse restrictions.
CORRECT: "AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (AWS MFÅ)" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Strong password policies" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Secrets Manager" is incorrect. This service enables you to easily rotate, manage, and retrieve
database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle.
INCORRECT: "AWS Certificate Manager" is incorrect. This service is used for creating SSL/TLS certificates for use with
HTTPS connections.
Windows
INCORRECT: "Security group rules" is incorrect as these are used to restrict traffic to/from your EC2 instances.



**Question 77**

77.  What are the names of two types of AWS Storage Gateway?(Select TWO.)
*  A. Block Gateway
*  B. Gateway Virtual Tape Library
*  C. File Gateway
*  D. S3 Gateway
*  E. Cached Gateway

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
The AWS Storage Gateway service enables hybrid storage between on-premises environments and the AWS Cloud. It provides
low-latency performance by caching frequently accessed data on premises, while storing data securely and durably in Amazon
cloud-storage services. AWS Storage Gateway supports three storage interfaces: file, volume, and tape
File gateway provides a virtual on-premises file server, which enables you to store and retrieve files as objects in Amazon S3
The volume gateway represents the family of gateways that support block-based volumes, previously referred to as
gateway-cached and gateway-stored modes
Tape Gateway (formerly known as Gateway Virtual Tape Library) is used for backup with popular backup software.
The diagram below depicts a File Gateway.
All other answers are bogus and use terms that are associated with Storage Gateways (S3, block, cached)
CORRECT: "File Gateway" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Tape Gateway" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "S3 Gateway" is incorrect as explained above.
INCORRECT: "Block Gateway" is incorrect as explained above.
INCORRECT: "Cached Gateway" is incorrect as explained above.



**Question 78**

78.  Which benefits can a company immediately realize using the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO.)
*  A. User control of physical infrastructure
*  B. Increased agility
*  C. Variable expenses are replaced with capital expenses
*  D. No responsibility for security
*  E. Capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
A couple of the benefits that companies will realize immediately when using the AWS Cloud are
increased agility and a change from capital expenditure to variable operational expenditure.
Agility is enabled through the flexibility of cloud services and the ease with which applications can be
deployed, scaled, and managed. When using cloud services you pay for what you use and this is a
variable, operational expense which can be beneficial to company cashflow.
CORRECT: "Capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Increased agility" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Variable expenses are replaced with capital expenses" is incorrect. This is the wrong way
around, capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses.
INCORRECT: "User control of physical infrastructure" is incorrect. This is not true, you do not get
control of the physical infrastructure.

INCORRECT: "No responsibility for security" is incorrect. This is not true, you are still responsible for
"security in the cloud".



**Question 79**

79.  Amazon S3 is typically used for which of the following use cases? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Install an operating system
*  B. Host a static website
*  C. In-memory data cache
*  D. Media hosting
*  E. Message queue

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
Amazon S3 is an object storage system. Typical use cases include: Backup and storage,
application hosting, media hosting, software delivery hosting a static website.
CORRECT: "Host a static website" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Media hosting" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Install an operating system" is incorrect. You cannot install an operating system
on an object-based storage system. Instead, you need a block-based storage system such as
Amazon EBS.
INCORRECT: "In-memory data cache" is incorrect. You cannot use Amazon S3 as an in-memory
data cache; for this you need a service such as Amazon ElastiCache.
INCORRECT: "Message queue" is incorrect. You cannot use Amazon S3 as a message queue (or at
least it is not a typical use case). You should use a services such as Amazon SQS or Amazon MQ.



**Question 80**

80.  A company has a global user base and needs to deploy AWS services that can decrease network latency for their users. Which services may assist? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Application Auto Scaling
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. AWS Global Accelerator
*  D. AWS Direct Connect
*  E. Amazon VPC

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that caches media assets such as files, photos,
and videos in Edge locations around the world. This gets your content closer to the user base which
decreases latency.
AWS Global Accelerator is a service that can direct users to the nearest AWS Region that contains and
endpoint for an application. The service utilizes Edge locations to decrease latency and then forwards
all traffic on the AWS global network which also decreases latency.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS Global Accelerator" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon VPC" is incorrect as this service does not decrease latency for global users.
INCORRECT: "Application Auto Scaling" is incorrect as this is used to scale applications based on
workload, it does not decrease latency.
Windows
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect as this service does decrease latency but not for a global
user base.



**Question 81**

81.  Which of the following can be used to identify a specific user who terminated an Amazon RDS DB instance?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. AWS CloudTrail
*  D. Amazon CloudWatch

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk
auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor, and retain account
activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure.
CloudTrail provides event history of your AWS account activity, including actions taken through the
AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command line tools, and other AWS services.
This event history simplifies security analysis, resource change tracking, and troubleshooting. In addition, you can use CloudTrail to detect unusual activity in your AWS accounts. These capabilities
help simplify operational analysis and troubleshooting.
CORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Inspector is used for running an automated security
assessment service on cloud resources.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. CloudWatch is used for performance monitoring.
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. Trusted Advisor helps you to build your AWS resources
in accordance with best practices.



**Question 82**

82.  A cloud practitioner needs to migrate a 70 TB of data from an on-premises data center into the AWS Cloud. The company has a slow and unreliable internet connection. Which AWS service can the cloud practitioner leverage to transfer the data?
*  A. AWS Storage Gateway
*  B. Amazon S3 Glacier
*  C. AWS DataSync
*  D. AWS Snowball

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Snowball is a method of transferring the data using a physical device. A
Snowball Edge device can hold up to 80 TB so a single device can be used. This
transfer method completely avoids the slow and unreliable internet connection.
CORRECT: "AWS Snowball" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon S3 Glacier" is incorrect. Glacier is used for archiving data in
the cloud.
INCORRECT: "AWS Storage Gateway" is incorrect. Storage Gateway is a service that
offers options for connecting on-premises storage to the cloud.
INCORRECT: "AWS DataSync" is incorrect. DataSync uses the internet to transfer
data You can utilize Snowcone but that only holds up to 8 TB per device.



**Question 83**

83.  Which of the following compliance programs allows the AWS environment to process maintain, and store protected health information?
*  A. ISO 27001
*  B. PCI DSS
*  C. SOC 1
*  D. HIPAA

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS enables covered entities and their business associates subject to the U.S.
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) to use the secure AWS environment to process, maintain, and store protected health
information.
CORRECT: "HIPAA" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "ISO 27001" is incorrect as ISO,'IEC 27001 is an information security
standard.
INCORRECT: "PCI DSS" is incorrect as PCI DSS is related to the security of credit card
payments.
INCORRECT: "SOC I" is incorrect as this relates to financial reporting.



**Question 84**

84.  A company needs consistent and dedicated connection between AWS resources and an on-premise system. Which AWS service can fulfill this requirement?
*  A. AWS DataSync
*  B. AWS Managed VPN
*  C. Amazon Connect
*  D. AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
An AWS Direct Connect connection is a private, dedicated link to AWS. As it does not use the
internet, performance is consistent.
The following diagram shows how a corporate data center is connected to AWS using a
Direct Connect link via an AWS Direct Connect location:
CORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Managed VPN" is incorrect. This services uses the public internet so it is
not a dedicated link and performance will not be consistent.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Connect" is incorrect. Amazon Connect is an easy to use omnichannel
cloud contact center that helps companies provide superior customer service at a lower cost
INCORRECT: "AWS DataSync" is incorrect. AWS DataSync makes it simple and fast to move
large amounts of data online between on-premises storage and Amazon S3, Amazon Elastic
File System (Amazon EFS), or Amazon FSx for Windows File Server.



**Question 85**

85.  Which AWS services offer compute capabilities? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS Lambda
*  B. Amazon EFS
*  C. Amazon CloudHSM
*  D. Amazon ECS
*  E. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
The Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) is a compute service that allows you to run
Docker containers as tasks on AWS. AWS Lambda is a function as a service offering that
provides the ability to run compute functions in response to triggers.
CORRECT: "Amazon ECS" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. Dyna ODB is a database service.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EFS" is incorrect. The Elastic File System (EFS) is a file-based storage
system.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudHSM" is incorrect. CloudHSM is a service that is used to
securely store and manage encryption keys.



**Question 86**

86.  Which AWS service does AWS Snowball Edge natively support?
*  A. Amazon EC2
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS)
*  D. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
You can run AmazonEC2 compute instances hosted on a Snowball Edge with the sbe1, sbe-c, and sbe-g instance types. The sbe1 instance type works on devices with the Snowball Edge
Storage Optimized option. The instance type works On devices with the Snowball Edge
Compute Optimized option. Both the sbe-c and sbe-g instance types work on devices with
the Snowball Edge Compute Optimized with GPU option.
CORRECT: "Amazon EC2" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Server Migration Service (Aws SMS)? is incorrect. AWS SMS does not
integrate natively with Snowball Edge.
INCORRECT: "AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)" is incorrect. AWS DMS does not
integrate natively with Snowball Edge.
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. Trusted Advisor does not integrate natively
with Snowball Edge.



**Question 87**

87.  Which AWS dashboard displays relevant and timely information to help users manage events in progress, and provides proactive notifications to help plan for scheduled activities?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard
*  B. Amazon CloudWatch dashboard
*  C. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  D. AWS Service Health Dashboard

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Personal Health Dashboard-provides alerts and remediation guidance when AWS is experiencing events
that may impact you. While the Service Health Dashboard displays the general status of AWS services,
Personal Health Dashboard gives you a personalized view into the performance and availability of the AWS
services underlying your AWS resources.
The dashboard displays relevant and timely information to help you manage events in progress, and provides
broactive notification to help you plan for scheduled activities. With Personal Health Dashboard, alerts are
triggered by changes in the health of AWS resources, giving you event visibility, and guidance to help quickly
diagnose and resolve issues.
CORRECT: "AWS Personal Health Dashboard" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Service Health Dashboard" is incorrect. This shows the current status of services across
regions. However, it does not provide proactive notifications of scheduled activities or guidance of any kind.
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard" is incorrect. AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that
provides you real time guidance to help you provision your resources following AWS best practices.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch dashboard" is incorrect as this service is used for monitoring performance
related information for your infrastructure and resources, not the underlying AWS resources.



**Question 88**

88.  Which services are involved with security? (Select TWO.)
*  A. AWS CloudHSM
*  B. AWS SMS
*  C. AWS KMS
*  D. AWS DMS
*  E. Amazon ELB

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
AWS Key Management Service (KMS) gives you centralized control over the encryption keys
used to protect your data. AWS CloudHSM is a cloud-based hardware security module (HSM)
that enables-you to easily generate and use your own encryption keys on the AWS Cloud.
CORRECT: "AWS CloudHSM" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "AWS KMS" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS DMS" is incorrect. AWS Database Migration Service is used for migration of
databases.
INCORRECT: "AWS SMS" is incorrect. AWS Server Migration Service is used for migration of
virtual machines.
INCORRECT: "Amazon ELB" is incorrect. Amazon Elastic Load Balancing is used for distributing
incoming connections to pools of EC2 instances



**Question 89**

89.  An application stores images which will be retrieved infrequently, but must be available for retrieval immediately. Which is the most cost-effective storage option that meets these requirements?
*  A. Amazon Glacier with expedited retrievals
*  B. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access
*  C. Amazon S3 Standard
*  D. Amazon EFS

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon S3 Standard-infrequent Access is the most cost-effective choice. It provides
immediate-access and is suitable for this use case as it is lower cost than S3 standard.
Note that you must pay a fee for retrievals which is why you would only use this tier for
infrequent access use cases.
CORRECT: "Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Glacier with expedited retrievals" i? incorrect. Amazon Glacier with
expedited retrievals is fast (1-5 minutes) but not immediate.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EFS" is incorrect. Amazon EFS is a high-performance file system and
not ideally suited to this scenario, it is also not the most cost-effective option.
INCORRECT: "Amazon S3 Standard" is incorrect. Amazon S3 Standard provides immediate
retrieval but is not less cost-effective compared to Standard-infrequent access.



**Question 90**

90.  According to the shared responsibility model, which security-related task is the responsibility of the customer?
*  A. Securing servers and racks at AWS data centers.
*  B. Maintaining firewall configurations at a hardware level.
*  C. Maintaining server-side encryption.
*  D. Maintaining physical networking configuration.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
All client-side and server-side encryption is a responsibility of the customer
using the AWS Cloud. This can be clearly seen in the shared responsibility
model infographic below:
CORRECT: "Maintaining server-side encryption" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Securing servers and racks at AWS data centers" is incorrect. This
is an AWS responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Maintaining firewall configurations at a hardware level" is
incorrect. This is an AWS responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Maintaining physical networking configuration" is incorrect. This
is an AWS responsibility.



**Question 91**

91.  Which AWS service is a fully-managed source control service that hosts secure Git-based repositories?
*  A. AWS CodePipeline
*  B. AWS CodeBuild
*  C. AWS CodeDeploy
*  D. AWS CodeCommit

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS CodeCommit is a fully-managed source control service that hosts secure Git-based repositories. It makes
it easy for teams to collaborate on code in a secure and highly scalable ecosystem.
CodeCommit eliminates the need to operate your own source control system or worry about scaling its
infrastructure. You can use CodeCommit to securely store anything from source code to binaries, and it
works seamlessly with your existing Git tools.
CORRECT: "AWS codecommit" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodeBuild" is incorrect. AWS CodeBuild is a fully managed continuous integration service
that compiles source code, runs tests, and produces software packages that are ready to deploy.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodeDeploy" is incorrect. CodeDeploy is a deployment service that automates application
deployments to Amazon EC2 instances, on-premises instances, serverless Lambda functions, or Amazon ECS
services.
INCORRECT: "AWS CodePipeline" is incorrect. AWS CodePipeline is a fully managed continuous delivery
service that helps you automate your release pipelines for fast and reliable application and infrastructure
updates.



**Question 92**

92.  What should a Cloud Practitioner ensure when designing a highly available architecture on AWS?
*  A. Servers have low-latency and high throughput network connectivity.
*  B. There are enough servers to run at peak load available at all times.
*  C. A single monolithic application component handles all operations.
*  D. The failure of a single component should not affect the application.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
In a highly available system the failure of a single component should not affect the application. This
means that if a single component such as an application server fails. there should be other
applications servers available that can seamlessly take over operations and ensure the application
continues to operate.
SORRECt: "The failure of a single component should not affect the application" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Servers have low-latency and high throughput network connectivity" is incorrect. It is
not necessary for all architectures to have low-latency and high throughput network connectivity and
this does not ensure high availability.
INCORRECT: "There are enough servers to run at peak load available at all times" is incorrect. This
would be wasteful in terms of resources and cost. There should be enough servers available to handle
current load with adequate capacity to operate functionally in the event of a system failure.
Additional servers can be launched automatically. as the application demand increases.
INCORRECT: "A single monolithic application component handles all operations" is incorrect, This is a
bad design practice that reduces the availability of the system as the failure of update of any
individual component can bring the whole system down.



**Question 93**

93.  Which service can a Cloud Practitioner use to configure custom cost and usage limits end enable alerts for when defined thresholds are exceeded?
*  A. AWS Budgets
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. Cost Explorer
*  D. Consolidated billing

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Budgets allows you to set custom budgets to track your cost and usage. With
AWS Budgets, you can choose to be alerted by email or SNS notification when actual
or forecasted cost and usage exceed your budget threshold, or when your actual RI
and Savings Plans' utilization or coverage drops below your desired threshold.
CORRECT: "AWS Budgets" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Consolidated billing" is incorrect. This is associated with AWS
Organizations and provides a single bill across niültiple member accounts.
INCORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. This service provides guidance on AWS
best practices.
INCORRECT: "Cost Explorer" is incorrect. This service is used for exploring the costs
incurred within your account.



**Question 94**

94.  A Cloud Practitioner requires a simple method to identify if unrestricted access to resources has been allowed by security groups. Which service can the Cloud Practitioner use?
*  A. VPC Flow Logs
*  B. AWS CloudTrail
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. AWS Trusted Advisor

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Trusted Advisor checks security groups for rules that allow unrestricted access
(0.0.0.0/0) to specific ports. Unrestricted access increases opportunities for malicious activity
(hacking, denial-of-service attacks, data). The ports with highest risk are flagged red,
and those with less risk are flagged yellow. Ports flagged green are typically used by
applications that require unrestricted access, such as HTTP and SMTP.
The following image shows the results of the security group checks in an AWS account:
CORRECT: "AWS Trusted Advisor" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. CloudWatch is used for performance
monitoring.
INCORRECT: "VPC Flow Logs" is incorrect. VPC Flow Logs are used to capture network traffic
information, they will not easily identify unrestricted security groups.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is incorrect. This service is used for auditing API actions



**Question 95**

95.  Which AWS-managed service can be used to process vast amounts of data using a hosted Hadoop framework?
*  A. Amazon Athena
*  B. Amazon EMR
*  C. Amazon Redshift
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon Elastic MapReduce (EMR) is a web service that enables businesses,
researchers, data analysts, and developers to easily and cost-effectively process vast
amounts of data. EMR utilizes a hosted Hadoop framework running on Amazon EC2
and Amazon S3.
CORRECT: "Amazon EMR" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is incorrect. DynamoDB is not a hosted Hadoop
framework, it is a no-SQL database.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Athena" is incorrect. Amazon Athena is a serverless, interactive
query service to query data and analyze big data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL
INCORRECT: "Amazon Redshift" is incorrect. Amazon Redshift is a fast, simple,
cost-effective data warehousing service.



**Question 96**

96.  Which Amazon EC2 pricing model should be avoided if a workload cannot accept interruption if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable?
*  A. Standard Reserved Instances
*  B. Convertible Reserved Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. On-Demand Instances

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 Spot Instances let you take advantage of unused EC2 capacity in the AWS
cloud. Spot Instances are available at up to a 90% discount compared to On-Demand
prices.
The downside is that if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable, your instances may
be terminated.
CORRECT: "Spot Instances" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "On-Demand Instances" is incorrect. On-demand instances are not subject
to interruption if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable.
INCORRECT: "Standard Reserved Instances" is incorrect. Reserved instances are not
subject to interruption if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable

INCORRECT: "Convertible Reserved Instances" is incorrect. Reserved instances are not
subject to interruption if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable.



**Question 97**

97.  Which on-premises costs must be included in a Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) calculation when comparing against the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Operating system administration
*  B. Database schema development
*  C. Project management services
*  D. Network infrastructure in the data center
*  E. Physical compute hardware

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
When performing a TCO analysis you must include all costs you are currently incurring in
the on-premises environment that you will not pay for in the AWS Cloud. This should
include labor costs for activities that will be reduced or eliminated. Labor costs that will
continue to be incurred in the cloud need not be included.
CORRECT: "Physical compute hardware" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Network infrastructure in the data center" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Operating system administration" is incor+ect. You don't need to include
these costs as you will continue to incur them in the AWS Cloud.
INCORRECT: "Project management services" is incorrect. You don't need to include these
costs as you will continue to incur them in the AWS Cloud.
Activate
INCORRECT: "Database schema development" is incorrect. You don't need to include
these costs as you will continue to incur them in the AWS Cloud.



**Question 98**

98.  A user needs an automated security assessment report that will identify unintended network access to Amazon EC2 instances and vulnerabilities on those instances. Which AWS service will provide this assessment report?
*  A. Amazon Macie
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. EC2 security groups
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon Inspector is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the security
and compliance of applications deployed on AWS. Amazon Inspector automatically assesses
applications for exposure, vulnerabilities, and deviations from best practices.
After performing an assessment, Amazon Inspector produces a detailed list of security findings
prioritized by level of severity. These findings can be reviewed directly or as part of detailed
assessment reports which are available via the Amazon Inspector console or API.
CORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "EC2 security groups" is incorrect. Security groups are instance-level firewalls used for
controlling network traffic reaching and leaving EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "AWS Config" is incorrect. AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit,
and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Macie" is incorrect. Amazon Macie is a fully managed data security and data
privacy service that uses machine learning and pattern matching to discover and protect sensitive
data in AWS.



**Question 99**

99.  Which AWS service can be used to run Docker containers?
*  A. Amazon ECS
*  B. Amazon ECR
*  C. AWS Lambda
*  D. Amazon AMI

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) is a highly scalable, high performance
container management service that supports Docker containers and allows you to
easily run applications on cluster ofAmazon EC2 instances.
CORRECT: "Amazon ECS" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is incorrect. AWS Lambda is a serverless technology
that lets you run code in response to events as functions
INCORRECT: "Amazon ECR" is incorrect. Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) is
a fully-managed Docker container registry that makes it easy for developers to
store, manage, and deploy Docker container images
INCORRECT: "Amazon AMI" is incorrect. Amazon Machine Images (AMI) store
configuration information for Amazon EC2 instances.



**Question 100**

100.  A company requires a dashboard for reporting when using a business intelligence solution. Which AWS service can a Cloud Practitioner use? Which AWS service can be used?
*  A. Amazon Athena
*  B. Amazon Redshift
*  C. Amazon Kinesis
*  D. Amazon QuickSight

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon QuickSight is a scalable, serverless, embeddable, machine learning-powered
business intelligence (Bl) service built for the cloud.
QuickSight lets you easily create and publish interactive Bl dashboards that include
Machine •Learning-powered insights.
QuickSight dashboards can be accessed from any device, and seamlessly embedded into
your applications, portals, and websites.
CORRECT: "Amazon QuickSight" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Redshift" is incorrect. RedShift is a data warehouse solution not a
dashboard. You can use QuickSight with RedShift.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Kinesis" is incorrect. This is a service for collecting streaming data.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Athena" is incorrect. Athena is used for running SQL queries on
data in Amazon S3.

