# AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Exam

## Practice Questions - Exam 03



**Question 101**

101.  According to the shared responsibility mode, which security and compliance task is AWS responsible for?
*  A. Updating operating systems
*  B. Updating Amazon EC2 host firmware
*  C. Encrypting data at rest
*  D. Granting permissions to users and services

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
According to the AWS shared responsibility model AWS are responsible for
security “of” the cloud. This includes updating the firmware of the EC2 host
servers on which instances run, All of the other answers are incorrect as they
represent security "in" the cloud which is a customer responsibility.
CORRECT: "Updating Amazon EC2 host firmware" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Granting permissions to users and services" is incorrect as this is
a customer responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Encrypting data at rest" is incorrect as this is a customer
responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Updating operating systems" is incorrect as this is a customer
responsibility.



**Question 102**

102.  How should an organization deploy an application running on multiple EC2 instances to ensure that a power failure does not cause ah application outage?
*  A. Launch the EC2 instances into different Availability Zones
*  B. Launch the EC2 instances into Edge Locations
*  C. Launch the EC2 instances into different VPCs
*  D. Launch the EC2 instances in separate regions

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
If you have multiple EC2 instances that are part of an application. you should deploy them into separate
availability zones (AZs). Each AZ has redundant power and is also fed from a different grid. AZs also have
low-latency network links which is often advantageous for most applications.
You do not need to deploy into separate regions to prevent a power outage bringing your application down. AZs
have redundant power and grids so you are safe deploying your applications into multiple AZs. If you split your
applications across regions you introduce latency which may impact your application. You may also run into data
sovereignty issues in some cases.
Deploying your EC2 instances into different VPCs is not required and would complicate your application
deployment. Also, bear in mind that VPCs within a region use the same underlying infrastructure so deploying
into different VPCs may still result in your EC2 instances being deployed into the same AZs. It is a best practice to
deploy into separate AZs.
CORRECT: "Launch the EC2 instances into different Availability Zones" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Launch the EC2 instances in separate regions" is incorrect as described above.
INCORRECT: "Launch the EC2 instances into different VPCs" is incorrect as described above.
INCORRECT: "Launch the EC2 instances into Edge Locations" is incorrect. You cannot deploy EC2 instances into
Edge Locations.



**Question 103**

103.  Which AWS service can be used to host a static website?
*  A. Amazon S3
*  B. Amazon EBS
*  C. Amazon EFS
*  D. AWS CloudFormation

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
You can use Amazon S3 to host a static website. On a static website, individual
webpages include static content. They might also contain client-side scripts.
By contrast, a dynamic website relies on server-side processing, including
server-side scripts such as PH#, JSP, or ASP.NET. Amazon S3 does not support
,server-side scripting, but AWS has other resources for hosting dynamic websites.

CORRECT: "Amazon S3" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT : "Amazon EBS" is incorrect as it cannot be used to host a static website.
INCORRECT : "AWS CloudFormation" is incorrect as it cannot be used to host a static website.
INCORRECT : "Amazon EFS" is incorrect as it cannot be used to host a static website.



**Question 104**

104.  Which AWS hybrid storage service enables a user's on-premises applications to seamlessly use AWS Cloud storage?
*  A. AWS Storage Gateway
*  B. AWS Backup
*  C. AWS Direct connect
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service that gives you on-premises access to virtually
unlimited cloud storage. Customers use Storage Gateway to simplify storage management and reduce costs
for key hybrid cloud storage use cases.
These include moving tape backups to the cloud, reducing on-premises storage with cloud-backed file shares,
providing low latency access to data in AWS for on-premises applications, as well as various migration,
archiving. processing, and disaster recovery use cases.
CORRECT: "AWS storage Gateway" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Backup" is incorrect. AWS Backup is a fully managed backup service that makes it easy to
centralize and automate the backup of data across AWS services. It iF not used for connecting on-premises
storage to cloud storage.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Connect" is incorrect. Amazon Connect is an easy to use omnichannel cloud contact
center that helps companies provide superior customer service at a lower cost. It has nothing to do with
storing data.
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect. AWS Direct Connect is a cloud service solution that makes it
easy to establish a dedicated network connection from your premises to AWS. It is not related to storage of
data.



**Question 105**

105.  What can be used to allow an application running on an Amazon EC2 instance t? securely store data in an Amazon S3 bucket without using long-term credentials?
*  A. AWS Systems Manager
*  B. AWS IAM access key
*  C. AWS IAM role
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
An IAM role is an IAM identity that you can create in your account that has specific permissions.
An IAM role is similar to an IAM user, in that it is an AWS identity with permission policies that
determine what the identity can and cannot do in AWS. However, instead of being uniquely
associated with one person, a role is intended to be assumable by anyone who needs it.
Also, a role does not have standard long-term credentials such as a password or access keys
associated with it. Instead, when you assume a role, it provides you with temporary security
credentials for your role session.
CORRECT: "AWS IAM role" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is incorrect. This service manages Amazon EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Connect" is incorrect. This is a contact center service.
INCORRECT: "AWS IAM access key" is incorrect. Access keys are considered long-term credentials
and therefore should not be embedded on EC2 instances in code. Using a role is more secure



**Question 106**

106.  Which cloud architecture design principle is supported by deploying workloads across multiple Availability Zones?
*  A. Automate infrastructure.
*  B. Design for agility.
*  C. Design for failure.
*  D. Enable elasticity.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 instances can be deployed in an Amazon VPC across multiple Availability
Zones. You would then typically use an Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) to distribute load
between the available instances. This-architecture enables high availability as if a single
instance fails or if something fails that causes an outage in an entire Availability Zone,
the application still has available instances to continue to service demand.
CORRECT: "Design for failure" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Design for agility" is incorrect. This is no an example of agility; it is an
example of high availability and fault tolerance.
INCORRECT: "Automate infrastructure" is incorrect. This is not an example of
automating.
INCORRECT: "Enable elasticity" is incorrect. This is not an example of elasticity. Elasticity
would be enabled by using Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling.



**Question 107**

107.  A Cloud Practitioner wants to configure the AWS CLI for programmatic access to AWS services. Which credential components are required? (Select TWO.)
*  A. A public key
*  B. A private key
*  C. An access key ID
*  D. An IAM Role
*  E. A secret access key

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. You can use access keys
to sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI or AWS API (directly or using the AWS SDK).
Access keys consist of two parts: an access key ID (for example, AKIAlOSFODNN7EXAMPLE) and a secret access
key (for example, wJalrXUtnFEMl/K7MDENG,'bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY).
Like a user name and password, you must use both the access key ID and secret access key together to
authenticate your requests. Manage your access keys as securely as you do your user name and password.
CORRECT: "An access key ID" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: 'IA secret access key" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "A public key" is incorrect. Public/private keys are used for encryption and are also associated
with the key pairs used to authenticate to EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "A private key" is incorrect. Public/private keys are used for encryption and are also associated
with the key pairs used to authenticate to EC2 instances.

INCORRECT: "An IAM Role" is incorrect. IAM Roles are not used for configuring the CLI for programmatic
access. They can be used for delegating access to AWS services and cross-account access.



**Question 108**

108.  Which AWS service should a Cloud Practitioner use to establish a secure network connection between an on-premises network and AWS?
*  A. AWS Mobile Hub
*  B. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
*  C. AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)
*  D. Virtual Private Network

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Virtual Private Network solutions establish secure connections between
your on-premises networks, remote offices, client devices, and the AWS global
network.
CORRECT: "Virtual Private Network" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Mobile Hub" is incorrect. This service is used for building,
testing, and monitoring mobile applications that make use of one or more AWS
services.
INCORRECT: "AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)" is incorrect. This service is
used for protecting against common web exploits.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)" is incorrect. This is a virtual
network in the cloud. You connect your AWS VPN to your Amazon VPC.



**Question 109**

109.  Which of the following tasks can a user perform to optimize Amazon costs? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Create users in a single Region to reduce the spread of EC2 instances globally.
*  B. Create a policy to restrict IAM users from accessing the Amazon EC2 console.
*  C. Implement Auto Scaling groups to add and remove instances based on demand.
*  D. Set a budget to limit spending on Amazon EC2 instances using AWS Budgets.
*  E. Purchase Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances.

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
Cost optimization can include using Auto Scaling groups to scale the number of EC2 instances
according to actual demand. Also, using Amazon EC2 reserved instances for suitable workloads
is a good way of optimizing costs over the longer term.
CORRECT: "Implement Auto Scaling groups to add and remove instances based on demand" is a
correct answer.
CORRECT: "Purchase Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Create a policy to restrict IAM users from accessing the Amazon EC2 console" is
incorrect. This is not an optimization strategy; it will just prevent access completely which
could be going too far.
INCORRECT: "Set a budget to limit spending on Amazon EC2 instances using AWS Budgets" is
incorrect. You can use AWS Budgets to notify you of spend but not to actually limit spend.

INCORRECT: "Create users in a single Region to reduce the spread of EC2 instances globally" is
incorrect. You cannot create users in a single Region, all IAM Users are global.



**Question 110**

110.  What is the function of Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling?
*  A. Automatically updates the EC2 pricing model, based on demand.
*  B. Scales the size of EC2 instances up or down automatically, based on demand.
*  C. Scales the number of EC2 instances in or out automatically, based on demand.
*  D. Automatically modifies the network throughput of EC2 instances, based on demand.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling helps you maintain application availability and allows you to
automatically add or remove EC2 instances according to conditions you define. You can use the
fleet management features of EC2 AutoScaling to maintain the health and availability of your
fleet. You can also use the dynamic and predictive scaling features of EC2 Auto Scaling to add or
remove EC2 instances.
CORRECT: "Scales the number of EC2 instances in or out automatically, based on demand." is
the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Scales the size of EC2 instances up or down automatically, based on demand." is
incorrect. Auto Scaling adjusts the number of EC2 instances, not the size of EC2 instances.
INCORRECT: "Automatically updates the EC2 pricing model, based on demand." is incorrect.
Auto Scaling does not change pricing models
INCORRECT: "Automatically modifies the network throughput of EC2 instances, based on
demand." is incorrect. Auto Scaling does not modify network throughput for instances.



**Question 111**

111.  What are the benefits of using the AWS Managed Services? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Baseline integration with ITSM tools
*  B. Alignment with 'TIL processes
*  C. Managed applications so you can focu' on infrastructure
*  D. Support for all AWS services
*  E. Designed for small businesses

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
AWS Managed Services manages the daily operations of your AWS infrastructure in alignment with ITIL processes.
AWS Managed Services provides a baseline integration with IT Service Management (ITSM) tools such as the
ServiceNow platform.
AWS Managed Services provides ongoing management of your AWS infrastructure so you can focus on your
applications. By implementing best practices to maintain your infrastructure, AWS Managed Services helps to
reduce your operational overhead and risk.
AWS Managed Services currently supports the 20+ services most critical for Enterprises, and will continue to expand
our list of integrated AWS services.
AWS Managed Services is designed to meet the needs of Enterprises that require stringent SLAs, adherence to
corporate compliance, and integration with their systems and ITIL@-based processes.
CORRECT: "Alignment with ITIL processes" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Baseline integration with ITSM tools" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Managed applications so you can focus on infrastructure" is incorrect as this is not offered by AWS
Managed Services.
INCORRECT: "Designed for small businesses" is incorrect as the service is designed for enterprises.
INCORRECT: "Support for all AWS services" is incorrect as the service does not support all AWS services.



**Question 112**

112.  Which of the following security operations tasks must be performed by AWS customers? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Collecting syslog messages from physical firewalls
*  B. Installing security updates on EC2 instances
*  C. Installing security updates for server firmware
*  D. Issuing data center access keycards
*  E. Enabling multi-factor authentication (MFA) for privileged users

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
The customer is responsible for installing security updates on EC2 instances and enabling
MFA. AWS is responsible for security of the physical data center and the infrastructure upon
which customer services rum
CORRECT: "Installing security updates on EC2 instances" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Enabling multi-factor authentication (MFA) for privileged users" is also a correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "Collecting syslog messages from physical firewalls" is incorrect as this is an
AWS responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Issuing data center access keycards" is incorrect as this is an AWS
responsibility.
INCORRECT: "Installing security updates for server firmware" is incorrect as this iS an AWS
responsibility.



**Question 113**

113.  How can a security compliance officer retrieve AWS compliance documentation such as a SOC 2 report?
*  A. Using AWS Artifact
*  B. Using the AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  C. Using AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Using AWS Inspector

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Artifact, available in the console, is a self-service audit artifact retrieval portal that provides
our customers with on-demand access to AWS' compliance documentation and AWS agreements.
You can use AWS Artifact Reports to download AWS security and compliance documents, such as
AWS 'SO certifications, Payment Card Industry (PCI), and System and Organization Control (SOC)
reports.
CORRECT: "Using AWS Artifact" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Using AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect. AWS Trusted Advisor is an online resource to
help you reduce cost, increase performance, and improve security by optimizing your AWS
environment.
INCORRECT: "Using AWS Inspector" is incorrect. Inspector is an automated security assessment
service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on AWS.
INCORRECT: "Using the AWS Personal Health Dashboard" is incorrect. AWS Personal Health
Dashboard provides alerts and remediation guidance when AWS is experiencing events that may
impact you.



**Question 114**

114.  Which of the following are AWS recommended best practices in relation to IAM? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Grant greatest privilege
*  B. Create individual IAM users
*  C. Enable MFA for all users
*  D. Embed access keys in application code
*  E. Assign permissions to users

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
AWS recommends that you treat individual IAM users rather than sharing IAM user accounts.
For extra security, AWS recommends that you require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all
users in your account. For privileged IAM users who are allowed to access sensitive resources or
API operations, AWS recommend using U2F or hardware MFA devices.
CORRECT: "Create individual IAM users" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Enable MFA for all users" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Assign permissions to users" is incorrect. should use groups to assign
permissions to IAM users and should avoid embedding access keys in application code.
INCORRECT: "Embed access keys in application code" is incorrect as this is against best practice
as it is highly insecure.
INCORRECT: "Grant greatest privilege" is incorrect. AWS recommend creating individual IAM
users and assigning the least privilege necessary for them to perform their role.



**Question 115**

115.  According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the customer's responsibility?
*  A. Maintaining Amazon API Gateway infrastructure.
*  B. Updating the guest operating system on Amazon EC2 instances.
*  C. Updating the operating system of AWS Lambda instances.
*  D. Maintaining the infrastructure needed to run Amazon DynamoDB.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
According to the AWSShared Responsibility Model updating Amazon EC2 guest
operating systems falls under the area of security "in" the cloud which is a customer
responsibility. With EC2, AWS manage the underlying platform on which EC2 runs but
you must launch and manage your operating systems.
CORRECT: "Updating the guest operating system on Amazon EC2 instances" is the
correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Maintaining the infrastructure needed to run Amazon DynamoDB" is
incorrect. This is a responsibility of AWS.
INCORRECT: "Updating the operating system of AWS Lambda instances" is incorrect.
This is a responsibility of AWS.
INCORRECT: "Maintaining Amazon API Gateway infrastructure" is incorrect. This is a
responsibility of AWS.



**Question 116**

116.  A Cloud Practitioner noticed that IP addresses that are owned by AWS are being used to attempt to flood ports on some of the company's systems To whom should the issue be reported?
*  A. AWS Partner Network (APN)
*  B. AWS Technical Account Manager (TAM)
*  C. AWS Trust & safety team
*  D. AWS Professional Services

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
If you suspect that AWS resources are used for abusive purposes, contact the
AWS Trust & Safety team using the Report Amazon AWS abuse form, or by
contacting abuse@amazonaws.com. Provide all the necessary information,
including logs in plaintext, email headers, and so on, when you submit your
request.
CORRECT: "AWS Trust & Safety team" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Professional Services" is incorrect. This is not the correct team.
INCORRECT: "AWS Partner Network (APN)" is incorrect. This is not the correct
team.
INCORRECT: "AWS Technical Account Manager (TAM)" is incorrect. This is not the
correct team.



**Question 117**

117.  Which AWS service should a Cloud Practitioner use to automate configuration management using Puppet?
*  A. AWS CloudFormation
*  B. AWS OpsWorks
*  C. AWS Systems Manager
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS OpsWorks is a configuration management service that provides managed instances of Chef and
Puppet. Chef and Puppet are automation platforms that allow you to use code to automate the
configurations of your servers.
OpsWprks lets you use Chef and Puppet to automate how servers are configured, deployed, and
mananaged across your Amazon EC2 instances or on-premises compute environments,
CORRECT: "AWS opsworks" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Config" is incorrect. AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and
evaluate the configurations of your AWF resources.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudFormation" is incorrect. AWS CloudFormation provides a common language
for you to model and provision AWS and third party application resources in your cloud environment.
INCORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is incorrect. AWS Systems Manager gives you visibility and
control of your infrastructure on AWS. Systems Manager provides a unified user interface so you can
view operational data from multiple AWS services and allows you to automate operational tasks
across your AWS resources.



**Question 118**

118.  How can an organization assess application for vulnerabilities and deviations from best practice?
*  A. Use AWS Artifact
*  B. Use AWS Shield
*  C. Use AWS Inspector
*  D. Use AWS WAF

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Inspector is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the
security and Compliance of applications deployed on AWS. Inspector
automatically assesses applications for vulnerabilities or deviations from best
practices.
CORRECT: "Use AWS Inspector" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Use AWS Artifact" is incorrect. AWS Artifact is your go-to, central
resource for compliance-related information that matters to you.
INCORRECT: "Use AWS Shield" is incorrect. AWS Shield is a managed Distributed
Denial of Service (DDoS) protection service.
INCORRECT: "Use AWS WAF" is incorrect. AWS Web application Firewall(WAF) is a
firewall service, it is not used for assessing best practice.



**Question 119**

119.  Which benefit of AWS enables companies to replace upfront fixed expenses with variable expenses when using on-demand technology services?
*  A. High availability
*  B. Economies of scale
*  C. Pay-as-you-go pricing
*  D. Global reach

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Pay-as-you-go-pricing is an example of the AWS advantage "Trade capital expense for variable expense". This
is documented in the Six Advantages of Cloud Computing.
Instead of having to invest heavily in data centers and servers before you know how you're going to use
them, you can pay only when you consume commputing resources, and pay only for how much you consume.
CORRECT: "Pay-as-you-go pricing" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Economies of scale" is incorrect. This is not an example of replacing fixed expenses with
variable expenses. The benefit of economies of scale relates to achieving a lower variable cost than you can
get on your own. Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers is aggregated in the cloud,
providers such as AWS can achieve higher economies of scale, which translates into lower pay as-you-go
prices.
INCORRECT: "Global reach" is incorrect. This is most closely associated with the advantage "Go global in
minutes". With AWS you can easily deploy your application in multiple regions around the world with just a
few clicks. This means you can provide lower latency and a better experience for your customers at minimal
cost.

INCORRECT: "High availability" is incorrect. High availability is not related to pricing. Instead, it means you
can design your applications to be available with minimum downtime even when disruptions occur.



**Question 120**

120.  AWS are able to continue to reduce their pricing due to:
*  A. Pay-as-you go pricing
*  B. Economies of scale
*  C. The AWS global infrastructure
*  D. Reserved instance pricing

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
By using cloud computing, you can achieve a lower variable cost than you can get on
your own. Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers is aggregated in
the cloud providers such as AWS can achieve higher economies of scale, which
translates into lower pay as-you-go prices.
CORRECT: "Economies of scale" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "The AWS global infrastructure" is incorrect. The global infrastructure is
the basis of the AWS platform but it is not the reason prices continue to reduce.
INCORRECT: "Pay-as-you go pricing" is incorrect. This pricing model is a benefit but not
the reason unit prices are reducing.
INCORRECT: "Reserved instance pricing" is incorrect. This pricing model results in
savings for customers in specific areas but not the reason for the overall reduction in
prices.



**Question 121**

121.  Which AWS service or feature allows a company to receive a single monthly AWS bill when using multiple AWS accounts?
*  A. Amazon Cloud Directory.
*  B. AWS Cost Explorer.
*  C. AWS Cost and Usage report.
*  D. Consolidated billing.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
you can use the consolidated billing feature in AWS organizations to consolidate billing and payment for multiple AWS
accounts or multiple Amazon Internet Services Pvt. Ltd (AISPL) accounts. Every organization in AWS Organizations has a
master (payer) account that pays the charges of all the member (linked) accounts.
Consolidated billing has the following benefits:
• One bill - You get one bill for multiple accounts.
• Easy tracking - You can track the charges across multiple accounts and download the combined cost and usage data.
• Combined usage - You can combine the usage across all accounts in the organization to share the volume pricing
discounts, Reserved Instance discounts, and Savings Plans. This can result in a lower charge for your project, department.
or company than with individual standalone accounts.
• No extra fee - Consolidated billing is offered at no additional cost.
CORRECT: "Consolidated billing" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Cloud Directory" is incorrect. Cloud Directory is used for creating cloud-native directories. This is not
related to billing.
INCORRECT: "AWS Cost Explorer" is incorrect. AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you visualize,
understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time. It does not centralize billing.
INCORRECT: "AWS Cost and Usage report" is incorrect. The AWS Cost & Usage Report lists AWS usage for each service
category used by an account and its IAM users in hourly or daily line items, as well as any tags that you have activated for
cost allocation purposes.



**Question 122**

122.  A user has limited knowledge of AWS services, but wants to quickly deploy a scalable Node.js application in an Amazon VPC. Which service should be used to deploy the application?
*  A. Amazon EC2
*  B. Amazon LightSaiI
*  C. AWS CloudFormation
*  D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Elastic Beanstalk is an easy-to-use service for deploying and scaling web applications and services
developed with Java, .NET, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go, and Docker on familiar servers such as
Apache, Nginx, Passenger, and IIS.
You simply upload your code and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment, from
capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling to application health monitoring. At the same time,
you retain full control over the AWS resources powering your application and can access the
underlying resources at any time.
CORRECT: "AWS Elastic Beanstalk" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon LightSail" is incorrect. LightSail is a good service to use when you don't have
good knowledge of AWS. However, you cannot deploy a scalable node.js application into a VPC.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudFormation" is incorrect. CloudFormation is used for automating the
deployment of infrastructure resources in AWS.
Windows
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2" is incorrect. This would require more expertise that using Elastic Beanstalk.



**Question 123**

123.  A Cloud Practitioner is re-architecting a monolithic application. Which design principles for cloud architecture do AWS recommend? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Implement manual scalability.
*  B. Use self-managed servers.
*  C. Rely on individual components.
*  D. Design for scalability.
*  E. Implement loose coupling.

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**  
Dependencies such as queuing systems, streaming systems, workflows, and load balancers are loosely
coupled. Loose coupling helps isolate behavior of a component from other components that depend on it,
increasing resiliency and agility.
AWS recommends that you architect applications that scale horizontally to increase aggregate workload
availability. This scaling should be automatic where possible.
CORRECT: "Implement loose coupling" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Design for scalability" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Implement manual scalability" is incorrect. AWS not recommend manual processes.
Everything should be automated as much as possible.
INCORRECT: "Use self-managed servers" is incorrect. AWS do not recommend using self-managed servers.
They do recommend using serverless services if you can.
INCORRECT: "Rely on individual components" is incorrect. This is not a best practice; you should never
rely on individual components. It is better to build redundancy into the system so the failure of an
individual component does not affect the functioning of the application.



**Question 124**

124.  Which AWS service helps customers meet corporate, contractual, and regulatory compliance requirements for data security by using dedicated hardware appliances within the AWS Cloud?
*  A. AWS Secrets Manager
*  B. AWS Directory Service
*  C. AWS Key Management service (AWS "MS)
*  D. AWS CloudHSM

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The AWS CloudHSM service helps you meet corporate, contractual, and regulatory
compliance requirements for data security by using dedicated Hardware Security Module
(HSM) instances within the AWS cloud. AWS CloudHSM enables you to easily generate and
use your own encryption keys on the AWS Cloud.
CORRECT: "AWS CloudHSM" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Secrets Manager" is incorrect. AWS Secrets Manager enables you to easily
rotate, manage, and retrieve database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout
their lifecycle.
INCORRECT: "AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)" is incorrect. This service is also
involved with creating and managing encryption keys but does not use dedicated hardware.
INCORRECT: "AWS Directory Service" is incorrect. AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active
Directory, also known as AWS Managed Microsoft AD, enables your directory-aware
workloads and AWS resources to use managed Active Directory in the AWS Cloud.



**Question 125**

125.  A new user is unable to access any AWS services, what is the most likely explanation?
*  A. By default new users are created without access to any AWS services
*  B. The user needs to login with a key pair
*  C. The services are currently unavailable
*  D. The default limit for user logons has been reached

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
By default new users are created with NO access to any AWS services - they can only login to the AWS
console. You must apply permissions to users to allow them to access services.
The recommended way to do this is to organize users into groups and then apply permissions policies
to the group.
CORRECT: "By default new users are created without access to any AWS services" is the correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "The user needs to login with a key pair" is incorrect' Key pairs are used for programmatic
access using the API so they are required for API access only.
INCORRECT: "The services are currently unavailable" is incorrect as it is far more likely that the user
just doesn't have permissions.
INCORRECT: "The default limit for user logons has been reached" is incorrect as there is no limit for
user logons.



**Question 126**

126.  Which technology can automatically adjust compute capacity as demand for an application increases or decreases?
*  A. Auto Scaling
*  B. High availability
*  C. Fault tolerance
*  D. Load balancing

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling helps you maintain application availability and allows you to automatically add or
remove EC2 instances according to conditions you define. You can use the fleet management features of EC2
Auto Scaling to maintain the health and availability of your fleet.
You can also use the dynamic and predictive scaling features of EC2 Auto Scaling to add or remove EC2
instances. Dynamic scaling responds to changing demand and predictive scaling automatically schedules the
right number of EC2 instances based on predicted demand. Dynamic scaling and predictive scaling can be used
together to scale faster.
The image below shows an example where an Auto Scaling group is configured to ensure the average CPU of
instances in the ASG does not exceed 60%. An additional instance is being launched as the actual load is 71.5%.
CORRECT: "Auto Scaling" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Load balancing" is incorrect. Load balancing is not about compute capacity but ensuring
connections are distributed across multiple instances.
INCORRECT: "Fault tolerance" is incorrect. Fault tolerance is related to the architecture of an application that
ensures that the failure of any single component does not affect the application.

INCORRECT: "High availability" is incorrect. High availability ensures the maximum uptime for your application
by designing the system to recover from failure.



**Question 127**

127.  A Service Control Policy (SCP) is used to manage the maximum available permissions and is associated with which of the following?
*  A. AWS Organizations
*  B. AWS Global Infrastructure
*  C. Availability Zones
*  D. AWS Regions

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Service control policies (SCPs) are a type of organization policy that you can use to
manage permissions in your organization. SCPs offer central control over the
maximum available permissions for all accounts in your organization. SCPs are
associated with AWS Organizations and help you to ensure your accounts stay within
your organization's access control guidelines. SCPs are available only in an
organization that has all features enabled.
CORRECT: "AWS Organizations" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Global Infrastructure" is incorrect. SCPs are not associated with
the AWS Global Infrastructure.
INCORRECT: "AWS Regions" is incorrect. SCPs are not associated with AWS Regions.
INCORRECT: "Availability Zones" is incorrect. SCPs are not associated with
Availability Zones.



**Question 128**

128.  An application has highly dynamic usage patterns. Which characteristics of the AWS Cloud make it cost-effective for this type of workload? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Elasticity
*  B. Reliability
*  C. Pay-as-you-go pricing
*  D. Strict security
*  E. High availability

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  
AWS is a cost-effective for dynamic workloads because it is elastic, meaning your
workload can scale based on demand. And because you only pay for what you use
(pay-as-you-go pricing).
CORRECT: "Elasticity" is the correct answer.
CORRECT: "Pay-as-you-go pricing" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "High availability" is incorrect. This iy not a characteristic that
results in cost-effectiveness.
INCORRECT: "Strict security" is incorrect. This is not a characteristic that results
in cost-effectiveness.
INCORRECT: "Reliability" is incorrect. This is not a characteristic that results In
cost-effectiveness.



**Question 129**

129.  An eCommerce company plans to use the AWS Cloud to quickly deliver new functionality in an iterative manner, minimizing the time to market. Which feature of the AWS Cloud provides this functionality?
*  A. Elasticity
*  B. Agility
*  C. Fault tolerance
*  D. Cost effectiveness

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
In a cloud computing environment, new IT resources are only a click away, which means that
you reduce the time to .make those resources available to your developers from weeks to just
minutes.
This results in a dramatic increase in agility for the organization, since the cost and time it
takes to experiment and develop is significantly lower.
CORRECT: "Agility" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Elasticity" is incorrect. Elasticity enables infrastructure to scale based on
demand and helps applications perform and be cost effective. It does not reduce time to
INCORRECT : "Fault tolerance" is incorrect as this is involved with ensuring applications stay available in the event of a fault.
INCORRECT : "Cost effectiveness" is incorrect. The AWS Cloud can be cost effective but this is not the benefit that allows faster time to market.



**Question 130**

130.  Which of the following is an advantage for a company running workloads in the AWS Cloud vs on-premises? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Increased productivity for application development teams.
*  B. Higher acquisition costs to support elastic workloads.
*  C. Increased time to market for new application features.
*  D. Less staff time is required to launch new workloads.
*  E. Lower overall utilization of server and storage systems.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
Using AWS cloud services can help development teams to be more productive as they spend
less time working on the infrastructure layer as it is provided for them. This additionally
means launching new workloads requires less time as you can automate the
implementation of the application and there is no underlying hardware layer to configure.
CORRECT: "Less staff time is required to launch new workloads" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Increased productivity for application development teams" is also a correct
answer.
INCORRECT: "Increased time to market for new application features" is incorrect. AWS
services should decrease time to market, not increase time.
INCORRECT: "Higher acquisition costs to support elastic workloads" is incorrect. The
acquisition costs should be lower, not higher.
INCORRECT: "Lower overall utilization of server and storage systems" is incorrect. this is not
a benefit of moving to the cloud.



**Question 131**

131.  Which of the following statements are correct about the benefits of AWS Direct Connect? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Quick to implement
*  B. Uses redundant paths across the Internet
*  C. Lower cost than a VPN
*  D. Increased bandwidth (predictable bandwidth)
*  E. Increased reliability (predictable performance)

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
AWS Direct Connect is a network service that provides an alternative to using the Internet to connect customers'
on premise sites to AWS.
Data is transmitted through a private network connection between AWS and a customer's data center or
corporate network.
Benefits of AWS Direct Connect:
- Reduce cost when using large volumes of traffic.
- Increase reliability (predictable performance).
- Increase bandwidth (predictable bandwidth).
- Decrease latency.
  CORRECT: "Increased reliability (predictable performance)" is a correct answer.
  CORRECT: "Increased bandwidth (predictable bandwidth)" is also a correct answer.
  INCORRECT: "Quick to implement" is incorrect. Direct Connect is not fast to implement as it can take weeks to
  months to setup (use VPN for fast deployment times).
  INCORRECT: "Lower cost than a VPN" is incorrect. Direct Connect is more expensive than VPN.
  INCORRECT: "Uses redundant paths across the Internet" is incorrect. Direct Connect uses private network
  connections, it does not use redundant paths over the Internet.
-


**Question 132**

132.  Which AWS support plan comes with a Technical Account Manager(TAM)?
*  A. Basic
*  B. Business
*  C. Enterprise
*  D. Developer

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Only the Enterprise plan comes with a TAM.
CORRECT: "Enterprise" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Basic" is incorrect as this plan does not come with
a TAM.
INCORRECT: "Developer" is incorrect as this plan does not come
with a TAM.
INCORRECT: "Business" is incorrect as this plan does not come
with a TAM.



**Question 133**

133.  Which AWS service or feature can be used to capture information about inbound and outbound IP traffic on network interfaces in a VPC?
*  A. AWS CloudTrail
*  B. VPC Endpoint
*  C. Internet gateway
*  D. VPC Flow Logs

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
VPC Flow Logs is a feature that enables you to capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network
interfaces in your VPC. Flow log data can be published to Amazon CloudWatch Logs or Amazon S3. After you've
created a flow log, you can retrieve and view its data in the chosen destination.
Flow logs can help you with a number of tasks, such as:
• Diagnosing overly restrictive security group rules
• Monitoring the traffic that is reaching your instance
• Determining the direction of the traffic to and from the network interfaces
Flow log data is collected outside of the path of your network traffic, and therefore does not affect network
throughput or latency. You can create or delete flow logs without any risk of impact to network performance.
CORRECT: "VPC Flow Logs" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Internet gateway" is incorrect. An internet gateway is attached to a VPC and used for sending and
receiving data from the internet.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is incorrect. CloudTrail is used for auditing API activity.
Windows
INCORRECT: "VPC Endpoint" is incorrect. VPC endpoints are used for connecting to public AWS services using
private IP addresses.



**Question 134**

134.  Which service allows an organization to view operational data from multiple AWS services through a unified user interface and automate operational tasks?
*  A. AWS opsWorks
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Systems Manager gives you visibility and control of your infrastructure on AWS.
Systems Manager provides a unified user interface so you can view operational data
from multiple AWS services and allows you to automate operational tasks across your
AWS resources.
CORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Config" is incorrect. AWS Config is a fully-managed service that
provides you with an AWS resource inventory, configuration history, and configuration
change notifications to enable security and regulatory compliance.
INCORRECT: "AWS OpsWorks" is incorrect. AWS OpsWorks is a configuration
management service that provides managed instances of Chef and Puppet.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring
service for AWS cloud resources and the applications you run on AWS. You use
CloudWatch for performance monitoring, not automating operational tasks.



**Question 135**

135.  How does the consolidated billing feature of AWS Organizations treat Reserved Instances that were purchased by another account in the organization?
*  A. All accounts in the organization are treated as one account so any account can receive the   hourly cost benefit
*  B. Only the master account can benefit from the hourly cost benefit of the reserved instances
*  C. All accounts in the organization are treated as one account Gr volume discounts but not for   reserved instance
*  D. AWS Organizations does not support any volume or reserved instance benefits across   accounts, it is just a method of aggregating bills

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
For billing purposes, the consolidated billing feature of AWS Organizations treats all the
accounts in the organization as one account. This means that all accounts in the
organization can receive the hourly cost benefit of Reserved Instances that are
purchased by any other account.
"All accounts in the organization are treated as one account so any account
can receive the hourly cost benefit" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Only the master account can benefit from the hourly cost benefit of the
reserved instances" is incorrect as explained above.
INCORRECT: "All accounts in the organization are treated as one account for volume
discounts but not for reserved instances" is incorrect as explained above..
INCORRECT: "AWS Organizations does not support any volume or reserved instance
benefits across accounts, it is just a method of aggregating bills" is incorrect as explained
above.



**Question 136**

136.  An Amazon EC2 instance running the Amazon Linux 2 AMI is billed in what increment?
*  A. Per hour
*  B. Per second
*  C. Per CPU
*  D. Per GB

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 instances running Linux are billed in one second increments,
with a minimum of 60 seconds.
CORRECT: "Per second" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Per hour" is incorrect. You do not pay per hour.
INCORRECT: "Per CPU" is incorrect. You do not pay per CPU.
INCORRECT: "Per GB" is incorrect. You pay for Amazon EBS on a per GB of
provisioned storage basis.



**Question 137**

137.  To gain greater discounts, which services can be reserved? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Amazon S3
*  B. Amazon RedShift
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB
*  E. AWS Lambda

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
Reservations provide you with greater discounts, up to 75%, by paying for capacity ahead
of time. Some of the services you can reserve include: EC2, DynamoDB, ElastiCache, RDS,
Gpnd RedShift.
CORRECT: "Amazon RedShift" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon S3" is incorrect. You cannot reserve Amazon S3, you pay for what you use.
INCORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is incorrect. AWS Lambda is a service that provides functions
and cannot be reserved.
INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. You cannot reserve Amazon CloudWatch
which is a monitoring service.





**Question 138**

138.  Which IAM entity can be used for assigning permissions to multiple users?
*  A. IAM password policy
*  B. IAM Group
*  C. IAM Role
*  D. IAM User

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Groups are collections of users and have policies attached to them. You
can use groups to assign permissions to multiple users. To do this place the
users in the group and then create an IAM policy with the correct
permissions and attach it to the group.
you do not use an IAM User, Role, or password policy to assign permissions
to multiple users.
CORRECT: "IAM Group" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "IAM User" is incorrect as explained above.
INCORRECT: "IAM Role" is incorrect as explained above.

INCORRECT: "IAM password policy" is incorrect as explained above.



**Question 139**

139.  How can an organization track resource inventory and configuration history for the purpose of security and regulatory compliance?
*  A. Run a report with AWS Artifact
*  B. Create an Amazon CloudTrail trail
*  C. Implement Amazon GuardDuty
*  D. Configure AWS Config with the resource types

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Config is a fully-managed service that provides you with an AWS resource inventory,
configuration history, and configuration change notifications to enable security and regulatory
compliance.
CORRECT: "Configure AWS Config with the resource types" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Create an Amazon CloudTrail trail" is incorrect. CloudTrail tracks API activity. This
means it is used to monitor who does what on Amazon. It does not provide a resource inventory or
configuration history.
INCORRECT: "Implement Amazon GuardDuty" is incorrect. Åmazon GuardDuty offers threat
detection and continuous security monitoring for malicious or unauthorized behavior to help you
protect your AWS accounts and workloads.
INCORRECT: "Run a report with AWS Artifact" is incorrect. AWS Artifact is used for obtaining
on-demand security and compliance reports and select online agreements. This service provides
access to AWS security and compliance reports such as SOC and PCI. You don't use Artifact to track
your own resource inventory and configuration history.



**Question 140**

140.  Which service can be used to create sophisticated, interactive graph applications?
*  A. AWS X-Ray
*  B. Amazon RedShift
*  C. Amazon Athena
*  D. Amazon Neptune

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon Neptune is a fast, reliable, fully-managed graph database service that makes it
easy to build and run applications that work with highly connected datasets. With
Amazon Neptune, you can create sophisticated, interactive graph applications that can
query billions of relationships in milliseconds.
CORRECT: "Amazon Neptune" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon RedShift" is incorrect. Amazon Redshift is a fast, scalable data
warehouse that makes it simple and cost-effective to analyze all your data across your
data warehouse and data 19ke.
INCORRECT: "AWS X-Ray" is incorrect. AWS X-Ray helps developers analyze and debug
production, distributed applications, such as those built using a microservices
architecture.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Athena" is incorrect. Amazon Athena is an interactive query service
that makes it easy to analyze data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL.



**Question 141**

141.  Which AWS service lets you use Chef and Puppet to automate how servers are configured, deployed, and managed across your Amazon EC2 instances or on-premises compute environments?
*  A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  B. AWS OpsWorks
*  C. AWS CloudFormation
*  D. AWS Systems Manager

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS OpsWorks is a configuration management service that provides managed
instances of Chef and Puppet. OpsWorks lets you use Chef and Puppet to
automate how servers are configured, deployed, and managed across your
Amazon EC2 instances dr on-premises compute environments.
CORRECT: "AWS OpsWorks" is the correct answer.

INCORRECT: "AWS Elastic Beanstalk" is incorrect. This service does not use Chef or Puppet.
INCORRECT: "AWS CloudFormation" is incorrect. This service does not use Chef or Puppet.
INCORRECT: "AWS Systems Manager" is incorrect. This service does not use Chef or Puppet.



**Question 142**

142.  Which database allows you to scale at the push of a button without incurring any downtime?
*  A. Amazon EMR
*  B. Amazon RDS
*  C. Amazon RedShift
*  D. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that
provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability. Push
button scaling means that you can scale the DB at any time without
incurring downtime.
'€AII other databases are based on EC2 instances and therefore you must
increase the instance size to scale which will incur downtime.
CORRECT: "Amazon DynamoDB" is th? correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon RDS" is incorrect as explained above.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EMR" is incorrect as explained above.
Activate "-VindO•AS
INCORRECT: "Amazon RedShift" is incorrect as explained above.



**Question 143**

143.  Which service can be used to cost-effectively move exabytes of data into AWS?
*  A. S3 Transfer Acceleration
*  B. S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR)
*  C. AWS Snowball
*  D. AWS Snowmobile

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
With AWS Snowmobile you can move 100PB per snowmobile. AWS call this an
"Exabyte-scale data transfer service".
CORRECT: "AWS Snowmobile" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Snowball" is incorrect. With AWS Snowball you can move
up to 80TB per device. AWS call this a "petabyte-scale data transfer service".
INCORRECT: "S3 Transfer Acceleration" is incorrect. S3 Transfer Acceleration is
meant speed up uploads to Amazon S3 but would not be used for exabytes of
data.
INCORRECT: "S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR)" is incorrect. S3 Cross-Region
Replication is used for copying data between regions, not into AWS. It is also
unsuitable for moving such as huge amount of data.



**Question 144**

144.  A company has a website that delivers static content from an Amazon S3 bucket to users from around the world. Which AWS service will deliver the content with low latency?
*  A. Amazon CloudFront
*  B. AWS Lambda
*  C. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  D. AWS Global Accelerator

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) and can use an Amazon S3
bucket configured as a static website as an origin for the content is caches
globally. CloudFront reduces latency for global users by serving the requested
content from a local cache.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is incorrect. Lambda is a serverless compute service
that runs code in response to triggers.
INCORRECT: "AWS Elastic Beanstalk" is incorrect. Elastic Beanstalk is a platform as
a service offering that is used to run applications on a managed platform.
INCORRECT: "AWS Global Accelerator" is incorrect. Global Accelerator is used to
direct traffic to application endpoints in different Regions using the AWS global
network. It does not cache content and would not be used in front of an S3 bucket.



**Question 145**

145.  When using Amazon IAM, what authentication methods are available to use? (Select TWO.)
*  A. Client certificates
*  B. AES 256
*  C. Access keys
*  D. Server certificates
*  E. AWS KMS

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**  
Supported authentication methods include console passwords, access keys and server certificates.
Access keys are a combination of an access key ID and a secret access key and can be used to make
programmatic calls to AWS.
Server certificates are SSL/TLS certificates that you can use to authenticate with some AWS
services.
CORRECT: "Access keys" is a correct answer.
CORRECT: "Server certificates" is also a correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Client certificates" is incorrect. Client certificate are not a valid IAM authentication
method.
INCORRECT: "AWS KMS" is incorrect. AWS Key Management Service (KMS) is used for managing
encryption keys and is not used for authentication..
INCORRECT: "AES 256" is incorrect. AES 256 is an encryption algorithm, not an authentication
method.



**Question 146**

146.  Which AWS service does API Gateway integrate with to enable users from around the world to achieve the lowest possible latency for API requests and responses?
*  A. AWS Lambda
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
*  D. Amazon CloudFront

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront i; used as the public endpoint for API Gateway. Provides
reduced latency and distributed denial of service protection through the use of
CloudFront.
CORRECT: "Amazon CloudFront" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Direct Connect" is incorrect. AWS Direct Connect is a cloud
service solution that makes it easy to establish a dedicated network connection
from your premises to AWS.
INCORRECT: "Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration" is incorrect. Amazon S3 Transfer
Acceleration is a bucket-level feature that enables faster data transfers to and from
Amazon S3.
INCORRECT: "AWS Lambda" is incorrect. AWS Lambda lets you run code without
provisioning or managing servers.



**Question 147**

147.  Which Amazon EC2 pricing model is the most cost-effective for an always-up, right-sized database server running a project that will last 1 year?
*  A. Convertible Reserved Instances
*  B. On-Demand Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. Standard Reserved Instances

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Reserved Instances (Rls) provide you with a significant discount (up to 72%) compared
to On-Demand instance pricing. Standard reserved instances offer the most cost
savings. RIS are based on a 1 or 3 year contract so they are suitable for workloads that
will run for the duration of the contract period.
CORRECT: "Standard Reserved Instances" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Convertible Reserved Instances" is incorrect. You have the flexibility to
change families, OS types, and tenancies while benefiting from RI pricing when you
use Convertible Rls. However, this is not required for a right-sized server.
INCORRECT: "On-Demand Instances" is incorrect. This pricing model offers not
discounts.
INCORRECT: "Spot Instances" is incorrect. Though you can achieve greater cost savings
with Spot instances, the instances can be terminated when AWS need the capacity
back.



**Question 148**

148.  Which service provides the ability to simply upload applications and have AWS handle the deployment details of capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and application health monitoring?
*  A. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
*  B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  C. AWS OpsWorks
*  D. Amazon EC2

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Elastic Beanstalk can be used to quickly deploy and manage applications in the AWS
Cloud. Developers upload applications and Elastic Beanstalk handles the deployment details of
capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and application health monitoring.
Considered a Platform as a Service (PaaS) solution. Supports Java, .NET, PHP, Node.js, Python,
Ruby, Go, and Docker web applications.
CORRECT: "AWS Elastic Beanstalk" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2" is incorrect. Amazon EC2 is an laaS solution that provides
unmanaged instances that you can deploy with a variety of operating systems.
INCORRECT: "Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling" is incorrect. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling provides
elasticity for your applications by automatically launching or terminating EC2 instances
according to application load or schedules you define.
INCORRECT: "AWS OpsWorks" is incorrect. AWS OpsWorks provides a managed service for Chef
and Puppet. This service is involved with automation and configuration management.



**Question 149**

149.  Which AWS service can be used to track the activity of users on AWS?
*  A. Amazon CloudWatch
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. AWS Directory Service
*  D. AWS CloudTrail

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and
risk auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor, and
retain account activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure.
Think of CloudTrail is an auditing service (who did what and when), and CloudWatch as a
performance monitoring service (how much resource was used).
CORRECT: "AWS CloudTrail" is the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "AWS Directory Service" is incorrect. This service provides several options for
running directory services on AWS and connecting to services on-premises.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Inspector" is incorrect. Amazon Inspector is an automated security
assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed
on AWS

INCORRECT: "Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect. CloudWatch is used for performance
monitoring, not auditing.




**Question 150**

150.  Which statement best describes Amazon Route 53?
*  A. Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System   (DNS) service
*  B. Amazon Route 53 is a service for distributing incoming connections between a   fleet of registered EC2 instances
*  C. Amazon Route 53 enables hybrid cloud models by extending an organization's   on-premise networks into the AWS cloud
*  D. Amazon Route 53 is a service that enables routing within VPCs in an account

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable cloud Domain Name System (DNS) web service. It is
designed to give developers and businesses an extremely reliable and cost effective way to route end
users to Internet applications by translating names like www.example.com into the numeric IP
addresses like 192.0.2.1 that computers:use to connect to each other. Amazon Route 53 is fully
with IPv6 as well.
CORRECT: "Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) service" is
the correct answer.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Route 53 is a service that enables routing within VPCs in an account" is
incorrect. The VPC router performs routine within a VPC.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Route 53 enables hybrid cloud models by extending an organization's
on-premise networks into the AWS cloud" is incorrect. Direct Connect enables hybrid cloud models by
extending an organization's on-premise networks into the AWS cloud.
INCORRECT: "Amazon Route 53 is a service for distributing incoming connections between a fleet of
registered EC2 instances" is incorrect. Auto Scaling is a service for distributing incoming connections
between a fleet of registered EC2 instances.
