# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Getting Support on AWS



**Card**  
What are Support Plans?

**Answer**
* When you create a new AWS account, you’re required to select a support plan.
* The free Basic Support plan is always an option while you’re getting started.
* Basic, Developer, Business and Enterprise;
* It's important understand how each plan works, and when it's time to change to something more appropriate;


**Card**  
How works Monthly Pricing for Developer support plan?

**Answer**
* Greater of $29 or 3% of monthly account usage;


**Card**  
How works Monthly Pricing for Business support plan?

**Answer**
* Greater of $100 or
* 10% of usage up to $10,000
* 7% of usage up to $80,000
* 5% of usage up to $250,000
* 3% of usage over $250,000


**Card**  
How works Monthly Pricing for Enterprise support plan?

**Answer**
* Greater of $15,000 or
* 10% of usage up to $150,000
* 7% of usage from $150,000 - $500,000
* 5% of usage from $500,000 - $1,000,000
* 3% of usage over $1,000,000

**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit for all Trusted Advisor checks?

**Answer**
Business and Enterprise

**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit of limited of only 7 Trusted Advisor checks?

**Answer**
Basic and Developer


**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit of 24/7 email, chat, phone access to engineer?

**Answer**
Business

**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit of 24/7 email, chat, phone access to senior engineer?

**Answer**
Enterprise

**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit of only email access to associate between 8am to 6pm local time?

**Answer**
Developer

**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit General guidance within 24 hours?

**Answer**
Business and Enterprise


**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit of General guidance within 24 business hours?

**Answer**
Developer

**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit of System impaired help within 12 hours?

**Answer**
Business and Enterprise

**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit of System impaired help within 12 business hours?

**Answer**
Developer


**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit of Production system down help within 1 hour?

**Answer**
Business

**Card**  
What Support plan has the benefit of Business-critical system down help within 15 minutes?

**Answer**
Enterprise


**Card**  
Tell some features of Basic support plan.

**Answer**
* You are not paying anything beyond the regular costs of consuming AWS resources;
* You’re given access only to publicly available documentation, including white papers, tutorials, and support forums.
* You also get limited access to the Trusted Advisor tool.
* You’ll receive alerts concerning interruptions to any AWS services you’re currently using through the Personal Health Dashboard (PHD).

**Card**  
Tell some features of Developer support plan.

**Answer**
* AWS recommends the Developer Support plan for organizations running nonproduction workloads.
* An Example is a website or application that’s still in the development stages and isn’t yet handling critical transactions or heavy traffic.
* No ideal for critical applications, because your direct access to AWS cloud support associates is limited to emails during business hours;
* If you are running infrastructure that simply must remain active, then you should seriously consider signing up for a higher support level.

**Card**  
Tell some features of Business support plan.

**Answer**
* The Business Support plan can meet the needs of many organizations by offering relatively fast and detailed answers to your technical questions.
* The Business plan guarantees a response from a cloud support engineer via email, chat, or phone within one hour.
* Less severe issues can take longer—up to 24 hours for what AWS calls general guidance.
* For an additional fee, you can also get in-depth guidance while you’re still in your project’s design stage through Infrastructure Event Management.

**Card**  
Tell some features of Enterprise support plan.

**Answer**
* The Enterprise plan is appropriate only for large operations whose scope is global and for whom downtime is simply unthinkable.
* The detail that most stands out is the technical account manager (TAM) who is assigned as a dedicated “guide and advocate” for your account.
* Your TAM is more than just a technical resource; the TAM becomes closely involved in your deployment, guiding your team through planning, launches, and proactive reviews—all optimized using best practices.
* As your advocate within AWS, a TAM can open doors and make innovative solutions possible.
* Enterprise customers get 24/7 access to senior cloud support engineers and a 15-minute response time for business-critical troubleshooting.

**Card**  
What places you can look for help when not to sign up for a paid support plan?

**Answer**
* AWS documentation page can be found at https://docs.aws.amazon.com.
* AWS Knowledge Center that is basically a frequently asked questions page. (FAQ)
* Security Resources points to AWS blogs, white papers, articles and tutorial covering topics such as security best practices and encrypting your data in transit and at rest.
* Discussion Forums

**Card**  
How Trusted Advisor works?

**Answer**
You use Trusted Advisor to visually confirm whether your account resource configurations are sound and are compliant with best practices.

**Card**  
What are the five Trusted Advisor alert categories?

**Answer**
* Cost Optimization
* Performance
* Security
* Fault Tolerance
* Service Limit