# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Understanding the AWS Environment


**Card**  
Give me some examples of AWS global services

**Answer**
* AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) is the service for managing the way access to your account resources is achieved by way of users and groups, roles, and policies.
* Amazon CloudFront is the content delivery network you can use to lower access latency for your application users by storing cached versions of frequently requested data at AWS edge locations.
* While Amazon S3 buckets must, as we mentioned earlier, exist within a single region, S3 is nevertheless considered a global service (open the S3 Console page and look at the region indicator).

**Card**  
Give me some criteria for dividing resource among regions

**Answer**
* Locate your infrastructure geographically closer to your users to allow access with the lowest possible latency;
* Locate your infrastructure within national borders to meet regulatory compliance with legal and banking rules;
* Isolate groups of resources from each other and from larger networks to allow the greatest possible security

**Card**  
What is the principle of  high availability?

**Answer**
* The principle of high availability can be used to make your infrastructure more resilient and reliable by launching parallel redundant instances in multiple Availability Zones.


**Card**  
How must be the correct endpoint for an EC2 instance in the us-east-1 (Northern Virginia) region?

**Answer**
* ec2.us-east-1.amazonaws.com

**Card**  
How must be the correct endpoint for an Relational Database Service (RDS) in the eu-west-3 (Paris) region?

**Answer**
* rds.eu-west-3.amazonaws.com

**Card**  
How many distinct Availability Zones an AWS Region must encompasses at least?

**Answer**
* An AWS Region (with the current exception of the Osaka-Local region) encompasses at least two distinct Availability Zones connected to each other with low-latency network links.

**Card**  
What is an Availability Zone?

**Answer**
* An Availability Zone is a group of one or more independent (and fault-protected) data centers located within a single geographic region.

**Card**  
What are Edge locations?

**Answer**
* An edge location is a site where AWS deploys physical server infrastructure to provide lowlatency user access to Amazon-based data.

**Card**  
Who is best-known tenant of edge Location?

**Answer**
* CloudFront, an Amazon's CDN service.

**Card**  
What is Regional Edge cache locations?

**Answer**
* Amazon has further enhanced CloudFront functionality by adding what it calls a regional edge cache.
* The idea is that CloudFront served objects are maintained in edge location caches only as long as there’s a steady flow of requests. 
* Once the rate of new requests drops off, an object will be deleted from the cache, and future requests will need to travel all the way back to the origin server (like an S3 bucket).
* There are currently nine worldwide;

**Card**  
The customer is responsible for...

**Answer**
Customer Data, User Application, Access Management, OS, Network, and Access Configuration, Data Encryption.


**Card**  
AWS is responsible for...

**Answer**
Hardware and Network Maintenance, AWS Global Infrastructure, Managed Services.


**Card**  
What are managed services?

**Answer**
A managed cloud service will “hide” all or some of the underlying configuration and administration work needed to keep things running, leaving you free to focus on the “business” end of your project.
* RDS is an example of partially managed service.
* Elastic Beanstalk, which hides just about all the complexity of its runtime environment, leaving nothing for you to do beyond uploading your application code.

**Card**  
What are unmanaged services?

**Answer**
You’re expected to care for the operating system and everything that’s running on it exactly the way you would for a physical server in your on-premises data center.
* The most obvious example of an unmagaged AWS service is EC2.

**Card**  
What are Service Health Status?

**Answer**
* AWS makes regularly updated, region-by-region reports on the status of its services publicly available.
* Any service outages that could affect the performance of anyone’s workload will appear on Amazon’s Service Health Dashboard

**Card**  
What are AWS Acceptable Use Policy?

**Answer**
* The AWS Acceptable Use Policy (https://aws.amazon.com/aup) makes it abundantly clear that it does not permit the use of its infrastructure in any illegal, harmful, or offensive way.
* Amazon reserves the right to suspend or even terminate your use of its services should you engage in illegal, insecure, or abusive activities (including the sending of spam and related mass mailings).


