# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Migration Strategies


**Card**
What are the migrations Strategies categorized?

**Answer**
* Retire
* Retain
* Rehost
* Relocate
* Repurchase
* Replatform
* Refactor or Re-Architect


**Card**
What are common cases for Retire?

**Answer**
* No business value in retain or move to cloud;
* Eliminate costs in maintaining and hosting;
* Reduce risks with operating system and components no long supported;
* Based in performance. Cpu with 5% or 5-20% CPU known as idle applications.
* No inbound connection to the application within 90 days.


**Card**
When use Retain strategy?

**Answer**
* When you want to keep the application that are not ready to migrate, that must be done in future.


**Card**
What are common cases of Retain?

**Answer**
* Security and compliance;
* High risk;
* Dependencies;
* Application that are recently upgrated;
* No business value to migrate;
* Plan to migrate to SAAS
* Unresolved physical dependencies;
* Mainframe or non-X86 Unix applications;
* Performance

**Card**
When use Rehost strategy?

**Answer**
* When you move to AWS without changes the application

**Card**
When use Relocate strategy?

**Answer**
* When you transfer a large number of servers, comprising one or more applications, from on-premise to cloud.
* Move instances of different VPC and AWS account;
* Move servers in bulk from VMWare software-defined data center to VWWare cloud on AWS.
* Doesn't require you purchase new hardware, rewrite application or modifying your existing application.

**Card**
When use Repurchase strategy?

**Answer**
* Replace the application with different version or product;
* Typically, reduce costs associated with maintenance, infrastructure and licensing.


**Card**
When use Replatform strategy?

**Answer**
* Move you application to the cloud and introduce some level of optimization in order to operate the application efficiently, reducing costs.
* Example is replatform a SQL Server Database in EC2 to Amazon RDS SQL Server.

**Card**
What common cases to use Replatform strategy?

**Answer**
* Save time and reduce costs by moving to a fully managed service or serverless service.
* Improve security and compliance stance, upgrating operating system to latest version;
* Reduce costs moving Windows to Linux;
* Improve performance moving Virtual Machine to containers.

**Card**
When use Refactor or Re-architect strategy?

**Answer**
* Move you application to cloud and modify your architect by taking vantage of cloud-native features to improve agility, performance and scalability.

**Card**
What common cases to use Refactor or Re-architect strategy?

**Answer**
* When you have legacy mainframes;
* Monolithic applications;
* Legacy applications;
* Applications that are difficult to test;
* When you migrate database and have to move some tables for security reasons (user identities, passwords, credit card numbers)