# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Amazon AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)

**Question 41**

41. Which of the following is included in the AWS Trusted Advisor checks? (Select two.)
*  A. Information on Amazon S3 bucket permissions
*  B. AWS service outages
*  C. Multi-factor authentication enabled on the AWS account root user
*  D. Available software patches
*  E. Number of users in the account

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**



**Question 42**

42. What is AWS accountable for under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Configuring Amazon VPC
*  B. Managing application code
*  C. Maintaining application traffic
*  D. Managing the network infrastructure

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Shared Responsibility Model: Infrastructure Services


**Question 43**

43. Which of the following tasks may be used to improve Amazon EC2 costs? (Select two.)
*  A. Implementing Auto Scaling groups to add and remove instances based on demand.
*  B. Creating a policy to restrict IAM users from creating new instances.
*  C. Setting a budget to limit spending on EC2 instances using AWS Budgets.
*  D. Purchasing Reserved Instances.
*  E. Adding EC2 instances to a second AWS Region that is geographically close to the end users.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**



**Question 44**

44. Which of the following is a customer duty under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Installing security patches for the Xen and KVM hypervisors
*  B. Installing operating system patches for Amazon DynamoDB
*  C. Installing operating system security patches for Amazon EC2 database instances
*  D. Installing operating system security patches for Amazon RDS database instances

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 45**

45. A firm wishes to develop a new line of business application.Which design concepts should be applied in accordance with the AWS Well-Architected Framework? (Select two.)
*  A. Consolidate multiple AWS accounts into a single account.
*  B. Buy and host hardware in the AWS Cloud.
*  C. Decouple the AWS Cloud architecture to break up monolithic deployments.
*  D. Move on-premises network hardware to VPCs.
*  E. Design elasticity into the AWS Cloud design.

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**



**Question 46**

46. Which scenarios should a user report to the AWS Abuse team? (Select two.)
*  A. A DDoS attack is being made on an AWS resource.
*  B. A SQL injection attack is being made from an IP address that is not an AWS address.
*  C. AWS resources are being used to host objectionable or illegal content.
*  D. A company's resources are being used in a way that is inconsistent with corporate policy.
*  E. A company is receiving HTTPS requests on a web server that is serving HTTP.

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**



**Question 47**

47. Which of the following is the customers obligation under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Patching guest OS and applications
*  B. Patching and fixing flaws in the infrastructure
*  C. Physical and environmental controls
*  D. Configuration of AWS infrastructure devices

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 48**

48. Which AWS serverless platform services are included?
*  A. Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Athena
*  B. Amazon Kinesis, Amazon SQS, Amazon EMR
*  C. AWS Step Functions, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon SNS
*  D. Amazon Athena, Amazon Cognito, Amazon EC2

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS provides a set of fully managed services that you can use to build and run serverless applications. Serverless applications don't require provisioning, maintaining, and administering servers for backend components such as compute, databases, storage, stream processing, message queueing, and more. You also no longer need to worry about ensuring application fault tolerance and availability. Instead, AWS handles all of these capabilities for you. Serverless platform includes: AWS lambda, Amazon S3, DynamoDB, API gateway, Amazon SNS, AWS step functions, Amazon kinesis and developing tools and services.


**Question 49**

49. According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is the customer's obligation?
*  A. Patching underlying infrastructure
*  B. Physical security
*  C. Patching Amazon EC2 instances
*  D. Patching network infrastructure

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 50**

50. Which of the following is the customer's obligation under the shared responsibility model?
*  A. Ensuring that disk drives are wiped after use.
*  B. Ensuring that firmware is updated on hardware devices.
*  C. Ensuring that data is encrypted at rest.
*  D. Ensuring that network cables are category six or higher.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
The Shared Responsibility Model


**Question 51**

51. What is the AWS Cloud's value proposition?
*  A. AWS is responsible for security in the AWS Cloud
*  B. No long-term contract is required
*  C. Provision new servers in days
*  D. AWS manages user applications in the AWS Cloud

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 52**

52. Which of the following describes elasticity in the AWS Cloud? (Select two.)
*  A. Flow quickly an Amazon EC2 instance can be restarted
*  B. The ability to rightsize resources as demand shifts
*  C. The maximum amount of RAM an Amazon EC2 instance can use
*  D. The pay-as-you-go billing model
*  E. Now easily resources can be produced when they are needed

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**



**Question 53**

53. After studying the AWS Cost and Usage report in the AWS Management Console, a Cloud Practitioner detects a billing problem.Which course of action should be done to rectify this?
*  A. Open a detailed case related to billing and submit it to AWS Support for help.
*  B. Upload data describing the issue to a new object in a private Amazon S3 bucket.
*  C. Create a pricing application and deploy it to a right-sized Amazon EC2 instance for more information.
*  D. Proceed with creating a new dashboard in Amazon QuickSight.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 54**

54. Which action, in terms of AWS Cloud architecture, is compatible with the concept of least privilege?
*  A. Allow users the minimum access that is needed to do a task.
*  B. Prevent managers from accessing important source code.
*  C. Provide only the permissions that are needed for users to do their jobs in the current month.
*  D. Assign permissions that are based on job titles.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 55**

55. Which of the following are customer duties under the AWS shared responsibility model? (Select two.)
*  A. Setting up server-side encryption on an Amazon S3 bucket
*  B. Amazon RDS instance patching
*  C. Network and firewall configurations
*  D. Physical security of data center facilities
*  E. Compute capacity availability

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**



**Question 56**

56. Which of the following tasks is the AWS customer's duty under the shared responsibility model? (Select two.)
*  A. Ensuring that application data is encrypted at rest
*  B. Ensuring that AWS NTP servers are set to the correct time
*  C. Ensuring that users have received security training in the use of AWS services
*  D. Ensuring that access to data centers is restricted
*  E. Ensuring that hardware is disposed of properly

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**



**Question 57**

57. Before transferring an environment to the AWS Cloud, a cloud practitioner must receive AWS compliance reports.How are these reports produced?
*  A. Contact the AWS Compliance team
*  B. Download the reports from AWS Artifact
*  C. Open a case with AWS Support
*  D. Generate the reports with Amazon Macie

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 58**

58. Which change management actions, according to the AWS Well-Architected Framework, should be followed to ensure AWS Cloud reliability? (Select two.)
*  A. Use AWS Config to generate an inventory of AWS resources
*  B. Use service limits to prevent users from creating or making changes to AWS resources
*  C. Use AWS CloudTrail to record AWS API calls into an auditable log file
*  D. Use AWS Certificate Manager to whitelist approved AWS resources and services
*  E. Use Amazon GuardDuty to validate configuration changes made to AWS resources

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**



**Question 59**

59. What may be associated to an Amazon EC2 instance through AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to initiate service requests?
*  A. Group
*  B. Role
*  C. Policy
*  D. Access key

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
IAM role management
Q: What is an IAM role?
An IAM role is an IAM entity that defines a set of permissions for making AWS service requests. IAM roles are not associated with a specific user or group. Instead, trusted entities assume roles, such as IAM users, applications, or AWS services such as EC2.
Q: What problems do IAM roles solve?
IAM roles allow you to delegate access with defined permissions to trusted entities without having to share long-term access keys. You can use IAM. roles to delegate access to IAM users managed within your account, to IAM users under a different AWS account, or to an AWS service such as EC2.
Q: How do I get started with IAM roles?
You create a role in a way similar to how you create a user—name the role and attach a policy to it. For details, see Creating IAM Roles.


**Question 60**

60. Which of the following actions is the customer's responsibility under the AWS shared responsibility model? (Select two.)
*  A. Patching operating system components for Amazon Relational Database Server (Amazon RDS)
*  B. Encrypting data on the client-side
*  C. Training the data center staff
*  D. Configuring Network Access Control Lists (ACL)
*  E. Maintaining environmental controls within a data center

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**



**Question 61**

61. Which AWS services or functionalities enable failover across several AWS Regions to ensure high availability and low latency? (Select two.)
*  A. Amazon Route 53
*  B. Network Load Balancer
*  C. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
*  D. AWS Global Accelerator
*  E. Application Load Balancer

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**



**Question 62**

62. Which of the following is a duty of AWS under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Enabling server-side encryption for objects stored in S3
*  B. Applying AWS IAM security policies
*  C. Patching the operating system on an Amazon EC2 instance
*  D. Applying updates to the hypervisor

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 63**

63. A copy of the AWS SOC 2 report is required during a compliance review by one of the auditors.Which service should this request be sent through?
*  A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. AWS Artifact
*  D. Amazon S3

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Artifact provides on-demand downloads of AWS security and compliance documents, such as AWS ISO certifications, Payment Card Industry (PCI), and Service Organization Control (SOC) reports. You can submit the security and compliance documents (also known as audit artifacts) to your auditors or regulators to demonstrate the security and compliance of the AWS infrastructure and services that you use.


**Question 64**

64. For 3 hours, 5 minutes, and 6 seconds, a client operates an Amazon Linux EC2 instance on-demand.How long will the consumer be charged?
*  A. 3 hours, 5 minutes
*  B. 3 hours, 5 minutes, and 6 seconds
*  C. 3 hours, 6 minutes
*  D. 4 hours

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Today, customers may have use cases that require large number of instances running for irregular periods of time, such as dev/test, data processing, analytics, batch processing, image rendering and gaming applications. To improve flexibility and allow customers to focus on their application instead of maximizing usage to the hour, with EC2 per second billing, customers can start, stop; and terminate EC2 instances and take comfort in the fact that their EC2 resources will not be charged for the minutes and seconds remaining in the hours their instances were running.
This change is effective in all AWS Regions and is effective immediately, for Linux instances that are newly launched or already running. Per-second billing isnot currently applicable to instances running Microsoft Windows or Linux distributions that have a separate hourly charge.
List prices and Spot Market prices are still listed an a per-hour basis, but bills are calculated down to the second. With Reserved Instances usage you can launch, use, and terminate multiple instances within an hour and get the Reserved Instance Benefit for all of the instances. Bills will now show times in decimal form instead of in minutes and seconds.


**Question 65**

65. According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is exclusively the responsibility of AWS?
*  A. Patching of the guest operating system
*  B. Security awareness and training
*  C. Physical and environmental controls
*  D. Development of an IAM password policy

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 66**

66. What can users do using AWS Marketplace? (Select two.)
*  A. Sell unused Amazon EC2 Spot Instances.
*  B. Sell solutions to other AWS users.
*  C. Buy third-party software that runs on AWS.
*  D. Purchase AWS security and compliance documents.
*  E. Order AWS Snowball.

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
The AWS Marketplace enables qualified partners to market and sell their software to AWS Customers. AWS Marketplace is an online software store that helps customers find, buy, and immediately start using the software and services that run on AWS.


**Question 67**

67. What are the possible uses for AWS edge locations? (Select two.)
*  A. Hosting applications
*  B. Delivering content closer to users
*  C. Running NoSQL database caching services
*  D. Reducing traffic on the server by caching responses
*  E. Sending notification messages to end users

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**  
CloudFront delivers your content through a worldwide network of data centers called edge locations. When a user requests content that you're serving with
CloudFront, the user is routed to the edge location that provides the lowest latency (time delay), so that content is delivered with the best possible performance.


**Question 68**

68. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) and Amazon DynamoDB are used by a firm to execute its mission-critical web application. Multiple times during the day, the workload jumps to up to ten times the regular level.Which AWS Cloud feature helps the business to adapt to these demand changes?
*  A. Agility
*  B. Global reach
*  C. Scalability
*  D. Security

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 69**

69. Which of the following tasks is the customer's duty under the shared responsibility model? (Select two.)
*  A. Maintaining the underlying Amazon EC2 hardware.
*  B. Managing the VPC network access control lists.
*  C. Encrypting data in transit and at rest.
*  D. Replacing failed hard disk drives.
*  E. Deploying hardware in different Availability Zones.

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
The hardware related jobs is the prime responsibility of AWS. VPC network access control lists is something a customer has to do himself to secure the applications. Encrypting data in transit and at rest is
a shared responsibility in which AWS plays a part. All hardware related jobs have nothing to do with the customer.


**Question 70**

70. Which of the following are AWS obligations, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Select two.)
*  A. Network infrastructure and virtualization of infrastructure
*  B. Security of application data
*  C. Guest operating systems
*  D. Physical security of hardware
*  E. Credentials and policies

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**



**Question 71**

71. What charges are included in the comparison of AWS vs on-premises Total Cost of Ownership (TC0)?
*  A. Data center security
*  B. Business analysis
*  C. Project management
*  D. Operating system administration

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 72**

72. Which AWS service supports MySQL and PostgreSQL as relational databases?
*  A. Amazon Redshift
*  B. Amazon DynamoDB
*  C. Amazon Aurora
*  D. Amazon Neptune

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Aurora is a MySQL and PostgreSQL-compatible relational database built for the cloud that combines the performance and availability of traditional enterprise databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open source databases.
Amazon Aurora is up to five times faster than standard MySQL databases and three times faster than standard PostgreSQL databases. It provides the security, availability, and reliability of commercial databases at 1/10th the cost. Amazon Aurora is fully managed by Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), which automates time-consuming administration tasks like hardware provisioning, database setup, patching, and backups.
Amazon Aurora features a distributed, fault-tolerant, self healing storage system that auto-scales up to 128TB per database instance. It delivers high performance and availability with up to 15 low-latency read replicas, point-in-time recovery, continuous backup to:Amazon S3, and replication across three Availability Zones.


**Question 73**

73. Which AWS services is natively supported by AWS Snowball Edge?
*  A. AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS)
*  B. Amazon Aurora
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Amazon EC2

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 74**

74. Which AWS shared responsibility controls are shared? (Select two.)
*  A. Awareness and training
*  B. Patching of Amazon RDS
*  C. Configuration management
*  D. Physical and environmental controls
*  E. Service and communications protection or security

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**



**Question 75**

75. After a single Availability Zone service disruption, a corporation must guarantee that the endpoint for adatabase instance stays the same. The program must continue database operations without human intervention from an administrator.How are these stipulations to be met?
*  A. Use multiple Amazon Route 53 routes to the standby database instance endpoint hosted on AWS Storage Gateway.
*  B. Configure Amazon RDS Multi-Availability Zone deployments with automatic failover to the standby.
*  C. Add multiple Application Load Balancers and deploy the database instance with AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
*  D. Deploy a single Network Load Balancer to distribute incoming traffic across multiple Amazon CloudFront origins.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 76**

76. Which costs must be addressed when comparing AWS Cloud vs on-premises Total Cost of Ownership? (Select two.)
*  A. Software development
*  B. Project management
*  C. Storage hardware
*  D. Physical servers
*  E. Antivirus software license

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**



**Question 77**

77. Which costs must be addressed when comparing AWS Cloud vs on-premises Total Cost of Ownership? (Select two.)
*  A. Physical storage hardware
*  B. Operating system administration
*  C. Network infrastructure of data center
*  D. Project management
*  E. Database schema development

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**



**Question 78**

78. Which AWS products anticipate future AWS expenses automatically?
*  A. AWS Support Center
*  B. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
*  C. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
*  D. Cost Explorer

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time.


**Question 79**

79. Which functionality may be utilized to prevent inadvertent overwrites or deletions of Amazon S3 buckets?
*  A. Lifecycle policy
*  B. Object versioning
*  C. Server-side encryption
*  D. Bucket ACL

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
53 Object Versioning is one of the most salient features in Amazon S3. Object versioning is used to avoid unintended overwrite and deletion. Versioning is not enabled by default and this featureis used to keep multiple versions of objects at the same time in the bucket.
If we enable versioning on the buckets we cannot delete an object directly. All versions remain in the bucket and a delete marker is introduced which becomes the current version. Sotif youneed to delete an object, you need to remove that delete marker also. Existing objects in your bucket do not change and only futurexequests behavior changes. If we put an object retrieval request, the current version of the object will always return.


**Question 80**

80. Amazon DynamoDB is used by a business in its AWS Cloud architecture.Which of the following is a duty of the organization, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Select two.)
*  A. Operating system patching and upgrades
*  B. Application of appropriate permissions with IAM tools
*  C. Configuration of data encryption options
*  D. Creation of DynamoDB endpoints
*  E. Infrastructure provisioning and maintenance

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
