# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Amazon AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)

**Question 81**

81. Which of the following areas is the customer's duty under the shared responsibility model? (Select two.)
*  A. Firmware upgrades of network infrastructure
*  B. Patching of operating systems
*  C. Patching of the underlying hypervisor
*  D. Physical security of data centers
*  E. Configuration of the security group

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**



**Question 82**

82. Which AWS service or functionality is utilized by distributed applications to send text and email messages?
*  A. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
*  B. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)
*  C. Amazon CloudWatch alerts
*  D. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) is a fully managed messaging service for both application-to-application (A2A) and application-to-person (A2P) communication.
The A2A pub/sub functionality provides topics for high-throughput, push-based, many-to-many messaging between distributed systems, microservices, and event-driven serverless applications. Using Amazon SNS topics, your publisher systems can fanout messages to a large number of subscriber systems, including Amazon SOS queues, AWS Lambda functions, HTTPS endpoints, and Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, for parallel processing. The A2P functionality enables you to send messages to users at scale via SMS, mobile push, and email.


**Question 83**

83. To achieve high availability, how many Availability Zones should computing resources be provided across?
*  A. A minimum of one
*  B. A minimum of two
*  C. A minimum of three
*  D. A minimum of four or more

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 84**

84. Which of the following is AWS's obligation under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Data encryption in transit
*  B. Firmware updates on hardware
*  C. Operating system patching on Amazon EC2 instances
*  D. Data encryption at rest

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 85**

85. To boost availability, a user intends to create two more Amazon EC2 instances.What should the user do?
*  A. Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region.
*  B. Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region and the same Availability Zone.
*  C. Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions, but in the same Availability Zone.
*  D. Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region, but in different Availability Zones.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 86**

86. What are the customer's duties under the AWS shared responsibility model? (Select two.)
*  A. Physical and environmental security
*  B. Physical network devices including firewalls
*  C. Storage device decommissioning
*  D. Security of data in transit
*  E. Data integrity authentication

**Answer** D, E

**Explanation**



**Question 87**

87. How can customers minimize the amount of time they spend patching their operating systems by migrating to the AWS Cloud? (Select two.)
*  A. Users can take advantage of managed services on AWS.
*  B. Users can outsource operating system patching to the AWS Support team.
*  C. AWS Professional Services will upgrade instances to the latest operating system versions.
*  D. Users have the ability to use license-included Amazon EC2 instances.
*  E. Users can take advantage of AWS Systems Manager features.

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**



**Question 88**

88. In the case of an environmental disruption, a company needs to make sure its infrastructure is structured for fault tolerance and business continuity.Which parts of the AWS architecture should the organization replicate?
*  A. Edge locations
*  B. Availability Zones
*  C. Regions
*  D. Amazon Route 53

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 89**

89. According to which AWS cloud design guideline, systems should minimize their interdependence?
*  A. Scalability
*  B. Services, not servers
*  C. Removing single points of failure
*  D. Loose coupling

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 90**

90. Which tasks need the root user credentials for an AWS account? (Select two.)
*  A. Creating an Amazon EC2 key pair
*  B. Removing an IAM user from the administrators group
*  C. Changing the AWS Support plan
*  D. Creating an Amazon CloudFront key pair
*  E. Granting an IAM user full administrative access

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**



**Question 91**

91. An administrator must fast install and begin utilizing a popular IT product.What resources are available to the administrator?
*  A. AWS Well-Architected Framework documentation
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. AWS CodeCommit
*  D. AWS Quick Start reference deployments

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Quick Starts are built by AWS solutions architects and partners to help you deploy popular technologies on AWS, based on AWS best practices for security and high availability. These accelerators reduce hundreds of manual procedures into just a few steps, so you can build your production environment quickly and start using it immediately.


**Question 92**

92. Which solution enables users in various AWS Regions to have the FASTEST application response times for frequently requested data?
*  A. AWS CloudTrail across multiple Availability Zones
*  B. Amazon CloudFront to edge locations
*  C. AWS CloudFormation in multiple regions
*  D. A virtual private gateway over AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
You can deliver content and decrease end-user latency of your web application using Amazon CloudFront. CloudFront speeds up content delivery by leveraging its global network of data centers, known as edge locations, to reduce delivery time by caching your content close to your end users. CloudFront fetches your content from an origin, such as an Amazon S3 bucket, an Amazon EC2 instance, an Amazon Elastic Load Balancing load balancer or your own web server, when it's not already in an edge location. CloudFront can be used to deliver your entire website or application, including dynamic, static, streaming, and interactive content.


**Question 93**

93. Which qualities make AWS Cloud computing advantageous? (Select two.)
*  A. A 100% service level agreement (SLA) for all AWS services
*  B. Compute capacity that is adjusted on demand
*  C. Availability of AWS Support for code development
*  D. Enhanced security
*  E. Increases in cost and complexity

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**



**Question 94**

94. A corporation anticipates a brief increase in internet traffic for their application. The program cannot be interrupted during the traffic spike. In addition, the organization must reduce costs while increasing flexibility.To achieve these needs, which Amazon EC2 instance type should the organization use?
*  A. On-Demand Instances
*  B. Spot Instances
*  C. Reserved Instances
*  D. Dedicated Hosts

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 95**

95. An Amazon RDS database instance is deployed across several Availability Zones.Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is included in this strategy?
*  A. Performance efficiency
*  B. Reliability
*  C. Cost optimization
*  D. Security

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 96**

96. Amazon EC2, an Elastic Load Balancer, and Amazon RDS are all components of an architectural design.What is the BEST method for estimating the monthly cost of this architecture?
*  A. Open an AWS Support case, provide the architecture proposal, and ask for a monthly cost estimation.
*  B. Collect the published prices of the AWS services and calculate the monthly estimate.
*  C. Use the AWS Simple Monthly Calculator to estimate the monthly cost.
*  D. Use the AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator to estimate the monthly cost.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 97**

97. According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which job is the customer's duty?
*  A. Maintain the security of the AWS Cloud.
*  B. Configure firewalls and networks.
*  C. Patch the operating system of Amazon RDS instances.
*  D. Implement physical and environmental controls.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 98**

98. On Amazon EC2, a business hosts a web application in a Docker container.Which of the following duties is AWS in charge of?
*  A. Scaling the web application and services developed with Docker
*  B. Provisioning or scheduling containers to run on clusters and maintain their availability
*  C. Performing hardware maintenance in the AWS facilities that run the AWS Cloud
*  D. Managing the guest operating system, including updates and security patches

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 99**

99. What are the AWS Cloud's advantages? (Select two.)
*  A. Fixed rate monthly cost
*  B. No need to guess capacity requirements
*  C. Increased speed to market
*  D. Increased upfront capital expenditure
*  E. Physical access to cloud data centers

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**



**Question 100**

100. An Elastic Load Balancer, numerous Amazon EC2 instances, and Amazon RDS are used to run a web application on AWS.Which security measures are AWS's responsibility? (Select two.)
*  A. Running a virus scan on EC2 instances
*  B. Protecting against IP spoofing and packet sniffing
*  C. Installing the latest security patches on the RDS instance
*  D. Encrypting communication between the EC2 instances and the Elastic Load Balancer
*  E. Configuring a security group and a network access control list (NACL) for EC2 instances

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**



**Question 101**

101. Which AWS service or feature facilitates the purchase and deployment of third-party software by providing an online, managed software catalog?
*  A. AWS Support
*  B. AWS Marketplace
*  C. Amazon EC2 private Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
*  D. AWS reseller programs

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Marketplace is a curated digital catalog that makes it easy for customers to find, buy, deploy, and manage the third-party software.


**Question 102**

102. A business wishes to improve its capacity for infrastructure recovery in the event of a natural catastrophe.This capability corresponds to which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?
*  A. Cost optimization
*  B. Performance efficiency
*  C. Reliability
*  D. Security

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 103**

103. A business may be required to operate its workload exclusively in its on-premises data center due to performance and regulatory limitations.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) services or resources should the business utilize? (Select two.)
*  A. Amazon Pinpoint
*  B. Amazon WorkLink
*  C. AWS Outposts
*  D. AWS Snowball Edge
*  E. AWS AppSync

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**



**Question 104**

104. For security reasons, a business demands an isolated environment inside AWS.Which course of action is necessary to achieve this?
*  A. Create a separate Availability Zone to host the resources.
*  B. Create a separate VPC to host the resources.
*  C. Create a placement group to host the resources.
*  D. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between the company and AWS.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Network isolation
A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network in your own logically isolated area in the AWS Cloud. Use separate VPCs to isolate infrastructure by workload or organizational entity.
A subnet is a range of IP addresses in a VPC. When you launch an instance, you launch it into a subnet in your VPC. Use subnets to isolate the tiers of your application (for example, web, application, and database) within a single VPC. Use private subnets for your instances if they should not be accessed directly from the Internet.
To call the Amazon EC2 API from your VPC without sending traffic over the public internet, use AWS PrivateLink.


**Question 105**

105. How do Amazon's massive economies of scale help customers?
*  A. Periodic price reductions as the result of Amazon's operational efficiencies
*  B. New Amazon EC2 instance types providing the latest hardware
*  C. The ability to scale up and down when needed
*  D. Increased reliability in the underlying hardware of Amazon EC2 instances

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 106**

106. When utilizing the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI), which of the following Identity and Access Management (IAM) entities is connected with an access key ID and secret access key?
*  A. IAM group
*  B. IAM user
*  C. IAM role
*  D. IAM policy

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 107**

107. What is AWS's sole obligation under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Application security
*  B. _> -B. Edge location management
*  C. Patch management
*  D. Client-side data

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Client-side data, application security is the sole responsibility of the customer. Patch management is a shared responsibility. That leaves us with edge location management and since this out of the control of the customer, AWS is the one responsible for it.


**Question 108**

108. Which component of the AWS architecture permits global computing and storage deployment?
*  A. Availability Zones
*  B. Regions
*  C. Tags
*  D. Resource groups

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 109**

109. Which of the following is a design concept associated with dependability in the AWS Well-Architected Framework?
*  A. Deployment to a single Availability Zone
*  B. Ability to recover from failure
*  C. Design for cost optimization
*  D. Perform operations as code

**Answer** B

**Explanation**
3. Reliability
   The Reliability pillar encompasses the ability of a workload to perform its.intended function correctly and consistently when its expected to This includes the ability to operate and test the workload through its total lifecycle. You can find prescriptive guidance on implementation in the Reliability Pillar whitepaper.
   Design Principles
   There are five design principles for reliability in the cloud:
   •	Automatically recover from failure
   •	Test recovery procedures
   •	Scale horizontally to increase aggregate workload availability
   •	Stop guessing capacity
   •	Manage change in automation


**Question 110**

110. Which activity is entirely the user's responsibility while executing workloads on AWS?
*  A. Patching the infrastructure components
*  B. Implementing controls to route application traffic
*  C. Maintaining physical and environmental controls
*  D. Maintaining the underlying infrastructure components

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 111**

111. Which statement best describes the AWS Cloud's agility?
*  A. Agility gives users the ability to host applications in multiple AWS Regions around the world.
*  B. Agility gives users the ability to pay upfront to reduce cost.
*  C. Agility provides customizable physical hardware at the lowest possible cost.
*  D. Agility provides the means for users to provision resources in minutes.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Infrastructure Agility:Cloud allows companies to significantly decrease the time it takes to provision and de-provision IT infrastructure. You have the ability to start small, and scale up as needed and, if you face a scenario where you need to cut back, it's easy to make that happen. While a physical server could take days or weeks to procure and provision, a cloud server takes minutes. Using Apache Hadoop, Spark, and Hive in the cloud enables growth of data processing power in real-time, Faster time to market means faster time to revenue.


**Question 112**

112. Which AWS product or service enables businesses to monitor and classify their expenditure at a precise level?
*  A. Cost allocation tags
*  B. Consolidated billing
*  C. AWS Budgets
*  D. AWS Marketplace

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 113**

113. Which AWS service is responsible for monitoring the health of your applications automatically?
*  A. Amazon API Gateway
*  B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  C. AWS Lambda
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 114**

114. A user is developing a service that adheres to the AWS Well-Architected Framework's operational excellence pillar.Which design concept is the user to adhere to?
*  A. Anticipate failure
*  B. Make large-scale changes
*  C. Perform manual operations
*  D. Create static operational procedures

**Answer** A

**Explanation**
1. Operational Excellence
   The Operational Excellence pillar includes the ability to support development and run workloads effectively, gain insight into their operation, and continuously improVe supporting processes and procedures to delivery business value. You can find prescriptive guidance on implementation in the Operational Excellence Pillar. whitepaper.
   Design Principles
   There are five design principles for operational excellence in the cloud:
   •	Perform operations as code
   •	Make frequent, small, reversible changes
   •	Refine operations procedures frequently
   •	Anticipate failure
   •	Learn from all operatiohal failures


**Question 115**

115. When comparing AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) to on-premises TCO, what charges are included?
*  A. Project management
*  B. Antivirus software licensing
*  C. Data center security
*  D. Software development

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 116**

116. Which design concept is fulfilled by adhering to the AWS Well-Architected Framework's dependability pillar?
*  A. Vertical scaling
*  B. Manual failure recovery
*  C. Testing recovery procedures
*  D. Changing infrastructure manually

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 117**

117. Which AWS service or functionality can assist a business in determining if it has publicly accessible Amazon S3 buckets?
*  A. AWS Service Health Dashboard
*  B. Amazon CloudWatch Logs
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. AWS Service Catalog

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 118**

118. Seasonal sales surges occur many times a year for an online retailer, most notably during the holidays. At other times of year, demand is lower. The corporation has difficulty forecasting the seasonal increase in infrastructure demand.Which benefits of migrating to the AWS Cloud would be the most beneficial to the business? (Select two.)
*  A. Global footprint
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. AWS service quotas
*  D. AWS shared responsibility model
*  E. Pay-as-you-go pricing

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**



**Question 119**

119. Which concepts of AWS Cloud architecture may assist boost reliability? (Select two.)
*  A. Using monolithic architecture
*  B. Measuring overall efficiency
*  C. Testing recovery procedures
*  D. Adopting a consumption model
*  E. Automatically recovering from failure

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
Automatically recover from failure: By monitoring a workload for key performance indicators (KPIs), you can trigger automation when a threshold is breached. These KPIs should be a measure of business value, not of the technical aspects of the operation of the service. This allows for automatic notification and tracking of faillkes, and for automated recovery processes that work around or repair the failure. With more sophisticated automation, it's possible to anticipate and remediate failures before they occur.
Test recovery procedures: In an on-premises.environment, testing is often conducted to prove that the workload works inia particular scenario. Testing is not typically used to validate recovery strategies. In the cloud, you can test how your workload fails, and you can validate your recovery procedures. You can use automation to simulate different failures or to recreate scenarios that led to failures before. This approach exposes failure pathways that you can test and fix before a real failure scenario occurs, thus reducing risk.


**Question 120**

120. Which sort of storage does Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) and Amazon FSx provide?
*  A. File storage
*  B. Object storage
*  C. Block storage
*  D. Instance store

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  

