# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Amazon AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)



**Question 161**

161. A corporation is required by law to track and assess configuration changes to AWS resources, as well as to conduct corrective steps.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service should the business use?
*  A. AWS Config
*  B. AWS Secrets Manager
*  C. AWS CloudTrail
*  D. AWS Trusted Advisor

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 162**

162. Which AWS service should be utilized to store data backups for an extended period of time at a reasonable cost?
*  A. Amazon RDS
*  B. Amazon Glacier
*  C. AWS Snowball
*  D. AWS EBS

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Explanation -
Amazon S3 Glacier is a secure, durable, and low-cost storage class of S3 for data archiving and long-term backup. Customers can store large or small amounts of data for as little as 30.004 per gigabyte per month. The S3 Glacier storage class is ideal for archives where data is regularly retrieved and some of the data may be needed in minutes. Amazon RDS is a relational database service that hosts databases. It helps you create and manage databases. Amazon Snowball is a petabyte-scale data transfer service that provides cost efficient data transfer to AWS from tamper proof physical devices. Similarly, Elastic block storage offers persistent block storage volumes for EC2 instances.


**Question 163**

163. What does the AWS Cloud bring clients in terms of increased execution speed and agility? (Select two.)
*  A. Readily available resources with low provisioning times
*  B. Scalable compute capacity
*  C. Free Tier services usage D. Access to AWS data centers
*  D. Lower resource provisioning cost

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**



**Question 164**

164. A retailer wishes to supply just the resources required to meet current demand.Which cloud advantage is the organization attempting to accomplish with this objective?
*  A. Reliability
*  B. Global reach
*  C. Scalability
*  D. High availability

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 165**

165. What storage capabilities does Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering provide?
*  A. Payment flexibility by reserving storage capacity
*  B. Long-term retention of data by copying the data to an encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume
*  C. Automatic cost savings by moving objects between tiers based on access pattern changes
*  D. Secure, durable, and lowest cost storage for data archival

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 166**

166. A business wishes to transfer its apps to an AWS VPC. These apps will need access to resources located on-premises.Which combination of activities will allow the business to achieve this objective? (Select two.)
*  A. Use the AWS Service Catalog to identify a list of on-premises resources that can be migrated.
*  B. Build a VPN connection between an on-premises device and a virtual private gateway in the new VPC.
*  C. Use Amazon Athena to query data from the on-premises database servers.
*  D. Connect the company's on-premises data center to AWS using AWS Direct Connect.
*  E. Leverage Amazon CloudFront to restrict access to static web content provided through the company's on-premises web servers.

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**



**Question 167**

167. What is the most effective approach to link an on-premises network to numerous VPCs located in separate AWS Regions?
*  A. Use AWS Direct Connect
*  B. Use AWS VPN
*  C. Use AWS Client VPN
*  D. Use an AWS Transit Gateway

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 168**

168. Multiple Regions of the AWS Cloud are an example of:
*  A. agility.
*  B. global infrastructure.
*  C. elasticity.
*  D. pay-as-you-go pricing.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 169**

169. Which AWS service does Chef and Puppet utilize to automate configuration management?
*  A. AWS Config
*  B. AWS OpsWorks
*  C. AWS CloudFormation
*  D. AWS System Manager

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS OpsWorks for Chef Automate
AWS OpsWorks for Chef Automate is a fully managed configuration management service that hosts Chef Automate, a suite of automation tools from Chef for configuration management, compliance and security, and continuous deployment. OpsWorks also maintains your Chef server by automatically patching, updating, and backing up your server, OpsWorks eliminates the need to operate your own configuration management systems or worry about maintaining its infrastructure. OpsWorks gives you access to all of the Chef Automate features, such as configuration and compliance management, which you manage through the Chef console or command line toots like Knife. It also works seamlessly with your existing Chef cookbooks.
Choose AWS OpsWorks for Chef Automate if you are an existing Chef user. Leamtmore
AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise
AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise is a fully managed configuration management service that hosts Puppet Enterprise, a set of automation tools from Puppet for infrastrucfiire and application management. OpsWorks also maintains your Puppet master server by automatically patching, updating, and backing up your server. OpsWorks eliminates the need to operate your own configuration management systems or worry about maintaining its infrastructure. OpsWorks gives you access to all of the Puppet Enterprise features, which you manage through the Puppet console. It also works seamlessly with your existing Puppet code,
Choose AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise if you are an existing Puppet user. Learn more


**Question 170**

170. A corporation want to remove the necessity for pre-deployment estimation of infrastructure capacity. Additionally, the corporation want to spend its money on cloud resources only when the resources are used.Which AWS Cloud feature best meets your business's needs?
*  A. Reliability
*  B. Global reach
*  C. Economies of scale
*  D. Pay-as-you-go pricing

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 171**

171. SQL injection attacks are being launched against an application from a variety of external locations.Which AWS service or functionality can assist in automating response to these attacks?
*  A. AWS WAF
*  B. Security groups
*  C. Elastic Load Balancer
*  D. Network ACL

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 172**

172. Which feature enables Amazon EC2 instances to be more elastic in response to changing workload demand?
*  A. Resource groups
*  B. Lifecycle policies
*  C. Application Load Balancer
*  D. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Support for monitoring the health of each service independently, as health checks are defined at the target group level and many CloudWatch metrics are reported at the target group level. Attaching a target group to an Auto Scaling group enables you to scale each service dynamically based on demand.


**Question 173**

173. What time-saving benefits can Amazon Rekognition provide?
*  A. Amazon Rekognition provides automatic watermarking of images.
*  B. Amazon Rekognition provides automatic detection of objects appearing in pictures.
*  C. Amazon Rekognition provides the ability to resize millions of images automatically.
*  D. Amazon Rekognition uses Amazon Mechanical Turk to allow humans to bid on object detection jobs.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Rekognition Image is an image recognition service that detects objects, scenes, and faces; extracts text; recognizes celebrities; and identifies inappropriate content in images. It also allows you to search and compare faces. Rekognition Image is based on the same proven, highly scalable, deep learning technology developed by Amazon's computer vision scientists to analyze billions of images daily for Prime Photos.


**Question 174**

174. A corporation want to migrate petabytes of data from on-premises sites to the AWS Cloud as rapidly as feasible.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service should the business use?
*  A. AWS Snowball
*  B. AWS Global Accelerator
*  C. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 175**

175. Where should a business go to locate, test, purchase, and deploy software that works on AWS?
*  A. AWS Marketplace
*  B. Amazon Lumberyard
*  C. AWS Artifact
*  D. Amazon CloudSearch

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Marketplace is a digital catalog with thousands of software listings from independent software vendors that make it easy to find, test, buy, and deploy software that runs on AWS.


**Question 176**

176. A business's user base is worldwide in scope. The organization need a highly available application with reduced latency for end users.Which AWS architecture approach will meet these criteria the MOST EFFECTIVELY?
*  A. Single-Region, Multi-AZ architecture
*  B. Multi-Region, active-active architecture
*  C. C. Multi-Region, active-passive architecture
*  D. Single-Region, Single-AZ architecture

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Simply put, a multi-region, active-active architecture gets all the services on the client request path deployed across multiple AWS Regions. In order to do so, several requirements have to be fulfilled. Data replication between regions must be fast and reliable.


**Question 177**

177. Which duty is the customer's responsibility under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Maintaining the infrastructure needed to run AWS Lambda
*  B. Updating the operating system of Amazon DynamoDB instances
*  C. Maintaining Amazon S3 infrastructure
*  D. Updating the guest operating system on Amazon EC2 instances

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 178**

178. How can a user safeguard against AWS service outages in the event of a widespread natural disaster?
*  A. Deploy applications across multiple Availability Zones within an AWS Region.
*  B. Use a hybrid cloud computing deployment model within the geographic area.
*  C. Deploy applications across multiple AWS Regions.
*  D. Store application artifacts using AWS Artifact and replicate them across multiple AWS Regions.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
An AWS Region is a geographic location where AWS provides multiple, physically separated and isolated Availability Zones which are connected with low latency, high throughput, and highly redundant networking.


**Question 179**

179. What is an example of a cloud-based application that is decoupled and scalable?
*  A. A mail and log application that runs on a single Amazon EC2 instance
*  B. A webpage that is hosted on Amazon S3 and uses AWS Lambda to update an Amazon DynamoDB database
*  C. An Application Load Balancer, web server, and database server that support a monolithic application
*  D. A legacy database server that is running on the maximum instance size supported by its license

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 180**

180. A client has many AWS accounts, each with its own billing.How can the client benefit from bulk savings while minimizing the effect on AWS resources?
*  A. Create one global AWS acount and move all AWS resources to tha account.
*  B. Sign up for three years of Reserved Instance pricing up front.
*  C. Use the consolidated billing feature from AWS Organizations.
*  D. Sign up for the AWS Enterprise support plan to get volume discounts.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 181**

181. A business must keep its data near to its core consumers.Which AWS Cloud advantage satisfies this requirement?
*  A. Security
*  B. High availability
*  C. Elasticity
*  D. Global footprint

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 182**

182. Who is responsible for the virtualization layer down to the physical security of the facilities in which AWS services operate under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. It is the sole responsibility of the customer.
*  B. It is the sole responsibility of AWS.
*  C. It is a shared responsibility between AWS and the customer.
*  D. The customer's AWS Support plan tier determines who manages the configuration.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 183**

183. A company's managed IAM policy does not allow users the rights essential to do needed activities.How is this situation to be resolved?
*  A. Enable AWS Shield Advanced
*  B. Create a custom IAM policy
*  C. Use a third-party web application firewall (WAF) managed rule from the AWS Marketplace
*  D. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to create a customer-managed key

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 184**

184. A business wishes to strengthen its security and audit posture by restricting incoming access to Amazon EC2.What should the organization use instead of opening incoming SSH ports and handling SSH keys to remotely access instances?
*  A. EC2 key pairs
*  B. AWS Systems Manager Session Manager
*  C. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
*  D. Network ACLs

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 185**

185. Which scenarios warrant the utilization of Amazon EC2 Spot Instances?
*  A. A company wants to move its main website to AWS from an on-premises web server.
*  B. A company has a number of application services whose Service Level Agreement (SLA) requires 99.999% uptime.
*  C. A company's heavily used legacy database is currently running on-premises.
*  D. A company has a number of infrequent, interruptible jobs that are currently using On-Demand Instances.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 186**

186. A business must transmit time-sensitive communications to a large number of subscribers using a push technique.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service should the business use?
*  A. Amazon Kinesis
*  B. Amazon MQ
*  C. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
*  D. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon SNS allows applications to send time-critical messages to multiple subscribers through a "Push" mechanism


**Question 187**

187. Which tasks need access to the root user of the AWS account? (Select two.)
*  A. Changing an AWS Support plan
*  B. Modifying an Amazon EC2 instance type
*  C. Grouping resources in AWS Systems Manager
*  D. Running applications in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
*  E. Closing an AWS account

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
Tasks
•	Change your account settings. This includes the account name, email address, root user password, and root user access keys. Other account settings, such as contact information, payment currency preference, and Regions, do not require root user.credentials.
•	Restore IAM user permissions. If the only IAM administrator accidentally revokestheir own permissions, you can sign in as the root user to edit policies and restore those permissions.
•	Activate IAM access to the Billing and Cost Management console:
•	View certain tax invoices. An IAM user with the avvs-portal:View3illing permission can view and download VAT invoices from AWS Europe, but not AWS Inc or Amazon Internet Services Pvt. Ltd (AISPL).
•	Close your AWS account.
•	Change your AWS Support plan El or Cancel your AWS Support plan L, For more information, see IAM for AWS Support El. -
•	Register as a seller in.the Reserved Instance Marketplace.
•	Configure an Amazon 53 bucket to enable MFA {multi-factor authentication) Delete.
•	Edit or delete an Amazon S3 bucket policy that includes an invalid VPC ID or VPC endpoint ID.
•	Sign up for GovCloud.


**Question 188**

188. Which AWS Cloud best practice makes advantage of cloud computing's flexibility and agility?
*  A. Provision capacity based on past usage and theoretical peaks
*  B. Dynamically and predictively scale to meet usage demands
*  C. Build the application and infrastructure in a data center that grants physical access
*  D. Break apart the application into loosely coupled components

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
In a traditional computing environment, you provision capacity based on an estimate of a theoretical maximum peak. This can result in periods where expensive resources are sitting idle or occasions of insufficient capacity. With cloud computing, you can access as much or as little capacity as you need and dynamically scale to meet actual demand, while only paying for what you use.


**Question 189**

189. Users of Amazon Route 53 are able to:
*  A. encrypt data in transit
*  B. register DNS domain names
*  C. generate and manage SSL certificates
*  D. establish a dedicated network connection to AWS

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) web service. You can use Route 53 to perform three main functions in any combination: domain registration, DNS routing, and health checking.
If you choose to use Route 53 for all three functions, be sure to follow the order below: 1. Register domain names
Your website needs a name, such as example.com.:Route 53 Lets you register a name for your website or web application, known as a domain name.
•	For an overview, see How domainiregistration works.
•	For a procedure, see Registering a new domain.
•	For a tutorial that takes you through registering a domain and creating a simple website in an Amazon S3 bucket, see Getting started with Amazon Route 53.


**Question 190**

190. Which characteristic of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) allows customers to link two VPCs?
*  A. Amazon VPC endpoints
*  B. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) ClassicLink
*  C. Amazon VPC peering
*  D. AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
A VPC peering connection is a networking connection between two VPCs that enables you to route traffic between them using private IPv4 addresses or IPv6 addresses. Instances in either VPC can communicate with each other as if they are within the same network. You can create a VPC peering connection between your own VPCs, or with a VPC in another AWS account. The VPCs can be in different regions (also known as an inter-region VPC peering connection).


**Question 191**

191. Multiple Amazon EC2 instances are used to host an application. The program sends messages using Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).Which AWS service or feature grants authorization for the application to access needed AWS services?
*  A. AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)
*  B. IAM roles
*  C. AWS Security Hub
*  D. Amazon GuardDuty

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
An IAM role is an IAM entity that defines a set of permissions for making AWS service requests. IAM roles are not associated with a specific user or group.
Instead, trusted entities assume roles, such as IAM users, applications, or AWS services such as EC2.


**Question 192**

192. A business is contemplating migrating to the AWS Cloud. The firm wishes to be able to scale its computing capacity in response to changing demand conditions.Which AWS Cloud advantage does this case illustrate?
*  A. Global deployments in minutes
*  B. Cost savings
*  C. Agility
*  D. Elasticity

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 193**

193. Which of the following is a NoSQL database service that is both quick and dependable?
*  A. Amazon Redshift
*  B. Amazon RDS
*  C. Amazon DynamoDB
*  D. Amazon S3

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless sca lability.


**Question 194**

194. A client wants to develop and construct a new workload on AWS Cloud but lacks the necessary technical skills in AWS-related technologies.Which of the following AWS programs may a client use to accomplish that goal?
*  A. AWS Partner Network Technology Partners
*  B. AWS Marketplace
*  C. AWS Partner Network Consulting Partners
*  D. AWS Service Catalog

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
benefits of becoming an APN Consulting Partner include:
•	Access to 'Go-to-market' resources
•	Training & Certification,
•	Market Development Funding (MDF),
•	Innovation Sandbox Credits
•	Increased visibility to AWS customers and AWS field teams


**Question 195**

195. Which AWS solution enables rapid setup and management of a new multi-account AWS environment?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. AWS Security Hub
*  C. AWS Control Tower
*  D. AWS Resource Access Manager

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Control Tower is a service for organizations with multiple accounts and teams who are Looking for the easiest way to set up their new or existing multi-account AWS environment and govern at scale. With AWS Control Tower, cloud administrators get peace of mind knowing accounts in their organization are compliant with their established policies. Builders benefit from being able to provision new AWS accounts quickly.
It's easy to get started. From the AWS Control Tower console, select 'Set up landing zone' in the top right. You can read more in the documentation on AWS Control Tower support for Organizations, watch this video on how to get started with AWS Control Tower for AWS Organizations, or visit the AWS Control Tower product webpage.


**Question 196**

196. Which operation needs the usage of the root account user credentials for the AWS account?
*  A. Closing an AWS account
*  B. Creating a log file
*  C. Modifying IAM user permissions
*  D. Deleting IAM users

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 197**

197. On Amazon EC2 instances, a business is operating and controlling its own Docker environment. Alternate is desired to assist in managing cluster size, scheduling, and environment management.Which AWS service satisfies these criteria?
*  A. AWS Lambda
*  B. Amazon RDS
*  C. AWS Fargate
*  D. Amazon Athena

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
With AWS Fargate, you no longer have to provision, configure,
or scale clusters of virtual machines to run containers. This removes the need to choose server types, decide when to scale your clusters, or optimize cluster packing.


**Question 198**

198. Which AWS situations exemplify the idea of elasticity? (Select two.)
*  A. Scaling the number of Amazon EC2 instances based on traffic.
*  B. Resizing Amazon RDS instances as business needs change.
*  C. Automatically directing traffic to less-utilized Amazon EC2 instances.
*  D. Using AWS compliance documents to accelerate the compliance process.
*  E. Having the ability to create and govern environments using code.

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
Implement elasticity
•	Identify the workloads that have variable load.
•	Identify the workload load range. That is, is there enough variability to warrant adding or removing resources?
•	Identify the application limitations (sessions,, longiinitialization, licensing, etc.) that may limit elasticity.
•	Identify if the increase in demand cantbe met by automatic scaling, or if it needs to be in place before (foreventsi launches, etc.).
•	Identify applications that can use Amazon Athena or Amazon Aurora Serverless
•	Implement elasticity using AWS Auto Scaling or Application Auto Scaling for the aspects of your service that are not elastic by design.
•	Test elasticity both upland down,-ensuring it will meet requirements for load variance.
•	Iterate on implementation and testing until you can meet requirements. You may want to investigate golden Amazon Machine Images, docker containers, etc. to speed launch.


**Question 199**

199. Which of the following are advantages of using the AWS Cloud to host infrastructure? (Select two.)
*  A. There are no upfront commitments.
*  B. AWS manages all security in the cloud.
*  C. Users have the ability to provision resources on demand.
*  D. Users have access to free and unlimited storage.
*  E. Users have control over the physical infrastructure.

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**



**Question 200**

200. Which of the following are benefits of Amazon Web Services' cloud computing platform? (Select two.)
*  A. AWS manages the maintenance of the cloud infrastructure
*  B. AWS manages the security of applications built on AWS
*  C. AWS manages capacity planning for physical servers
*  D. AWS manages the development of applications on AWS
*  E. AWS manages cost planning for virtual servers

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**  

