# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Amazon AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)



**Question 201**

201. Which AWS service enables infrastructure as code management?
*  A. AWS CodePipeline
*  B. AWS CodeDeploy
*  C. AWS Direct Connect
*  D. AWS CloudFormation

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS CloudFormation provides a common language for you to describe and provision all the infrastructure resources in your cloud environment. CloudFormation allows you to use a simple text file to model and provision, in an automated and secure manner, all the resources needed for your applications across all regions and accounts. This file serves as the single source of truth for your cloud environment.


**Question 202**

202. How might AWS help a business manage costs when an application's consumption varies unpredictably?
*  A. AWS will refund the cost difference if a customer moves to larger servers.
*  B. The application can be built to scale up or down automatically as resources are needed
*  C. Spot instances will automatically be used if the price is lower than on-demand instances.
*  D. Amazon CloudWatch will automatically predict what resources are needed.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 203**

203. What are the benefits of deploying an application across variousAvailability Zones using Amazon EC2 instances? (Select two.)
*  A. Preventing a single point of failure
*  B. Reducing the operational costs of the application
*  C. Allowing the application to serve cross-region users with low latency
*  D. Increasing the availability of the application
*  E. Increasing the load of the application

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**



**Question 204**

204. A business wishes to downsize its infrastructure in order to save money.At what stages should a business downsize? (Select two.)
*  A. Rightsize before a migration occurs to the cloud.
*  B. Rightsize continuously after the cloud onboarding process.
*  C. Rightsize when AWS Support calls and explains that rightsizing is needed.
*  D. Rightsize when seasonal workloads are at their peak.
*  E. Rightsize after purchasing all Reserved Instances.

**Answer** A,B

**Explanation**



**Question 205**

205. AWS Budgets may be used for the following purposes:
*  A. prevent a given user from creating a resource
*  B. send an alert when the utilization of Reserved Instances drops below a certain percentage
*  C. set resource limits in AWS accounts to prevent overspending
*  D. split an AWS bill across multiple forms of payment

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Budgets allows you to set custom budgets to track your cost and usage from the simplest to the most complex use cases. With AWS Budgets, you can choose to be alerted by email or SNS notification when actual or forecasted cost and usage exceed your budget threshold, or when your actual RI and Savings Plans' utilization or coverage drops below your desired threshold.


**Question 206**

206. What are the advantages of unified billing for Amazon Web Services accounts?
*  A. Access to AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  B. Combined usage volume discounts
*  C. Improved account security
*  D. Centralized AWS IAM

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Consolidated Billing Benefits
•	One Bill
•	A single bill with a combined view of AWS costs incurredby all accounts is generated
•	Easy Tracking
•	Detailed cost report & charges for each of thedndividual AWS accounts associated with the 'paying account! canibe easily tracked
•	Combined Usage & Volume Discountg
•	Charges might actually.decrease because AWS combines usage from all the accounts to qualify you fonvolume pricing discounts
•	Free Tier
•	Customers that:Luse-Consolidated Billing to consolidate payment across multiple accounts will only have access to one free usage tier and it is not combined across accounts


**Question 207**

207. A corporation want to connect to AWS from a distant office through a private, low-latency connection.Which strategy is advised for meeting these requirements?
*  A. Create a VPN tunnel
*  B. Connect across the public internet
*  C. Use VPC peering to create a connection.
*  D. Use AWS Direct Connect.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 208**

208. Which Amazon EC2 pricing model is dynamically adjusted in response to EC2 instance availability and demand?
*  A. On-Demand Instances
*  B. Reserved Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. Convertible Reserved Instances

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
In the new model, the Spot prices are more predictable, updated less frequently, and are
determined by supply and demand for Amazon EC2 spare capacity, not bid prices.


**Question 209**

209. Which service should a client utilize to integrate and manage several Amazon Web Services accounts centrally?
*  A. AWS IAM
*  B. AWS Organizations
*  C. AWS Schema Conversion Tool
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 210**

210. Which choices do users have when contacting AWS Support? (Select two.)
*  A. Create an email case in the AWS Support Center.
*  B. Visit a local AWS Support Center.
*  C. Use live chat functionality.
*  D. Call the customer service phone number.
*  E. Use the video conference functionality of the AWS Support console.

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**  
1.Sign in to your AWS account.
2.Open the AWS Support console, and then choose Create case.
3.Select your option for Create case, and then enter the required information in the Case details section.
4.Select your preference for Contact options.
Important: The options for contact vary based on the type of case and your Support plan.
If you select Web, you can read and respond to the case in Support Center.
If you select Chat, you can chat online with a representative from AWS Support.
If you select Phone, you're prompted for a callback number. You'll receive a call from AWS Support as soon as you create the case. Be sure to provide a direct line phone number.
Note: If your account isn't fully activated yet, you can choose the Chat option.
5.Choose Submit.


**Question 211**

211. A business must track and anticipate AWS expenditures and use. Additionally, the organization must configure event-driven alert alerts that are triggered when expenditure limitations are exceeded.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering or technology should the business employ to achieve these requirements?
*  A. AWS Budgets
*  B. Amazon CloudWatch
*  C. AWS Config
*  D. AWS Service Catalog

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 212**

212. Which of the following IT functions does AWS do in order to relieve a business of its responsibility for managing its IT resources? (Select two.)
*  A. Configuring operating system firewalls
*  B. Setting up access controls for data
*  C. Backing up databases
*  D. Configuring database user accounts
*  E. Installing operating systems

**Answer** CE

**Explanation**



**Question 213**

213. Which AWS technologies aid in cost estimation? (Select three.)
*  A. Detailed billing report
*  B. Cost allocation tags
*  C. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
*  D. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
*  E. Cost Estimator

**Answer** B, C, D

**Explanation**



**Question 214**

214. In comparison to conventional and virtualized data center prices, AWS offers the following:
*  A. greater variable costs and greater upfront costs.
*  B. fixed usage costs and lower upfront costs.
*  C. lower variable costs and greater upfront costs.
*  D. lower variable costs and lower upfront costs.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 215**

215. Which situations should the AWS Abuse team be notified about?
*  A. In Availability Zone has a service disruption
*  B. An intrusion attempt is made from an AWS IP address
*  C. A user has trouble accessing an Amazon S3 bucket from an AWS IP address
*  D. A user needs to change payment methods due to a compromise

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
The AWS Trust & Safety team can assist you when AWS resources are usedto engage in the following types of abusive behavior:
Spam: You are receiving unwanted emails from an AWS-owned IP address, or AWS resources are used to Spam websites or forums.
•	Port scanning: Your logs show that one or more AWS-owned IP addresses are sending packets to multiple ports on your server. You also believe this is an attempt to discover unsecured ports.
•	Denial-of-service (DoS) attacks: Your Logs show that one or more AWS-owned IP addresses are used to flood ports on your resources with packets. You also believe that this is an attempt to overwhelm or crash your server or the software running on your server.
•	Intrusion attempts: Your logs show that one or more AWS-owned IP addresses are used to attempt to log in to your resources.


**Question 216**

216. Which AWS feature should a client exploit to ensure an application's high availability?
*  A. AWS Direct Connect
*  B. Availability Zones
*  C. Data centers
*  D. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
This is to achieve High Availability for any web application (in this case SwiftCode) deployed in AWS. The following features will be present:
Ls. High availability across multiple instances/multiple availability zones.
Ls. Auto Scaling of instances (scale up and scale down) based on number of requests coming in Additional Security to the instances/database that are in production
Ls. No impact to end users during newer version of code deployment
No Impact during patching the instances


**Question 217**

217. How might an AWS client implement common access restrictions to a big group of users easily?
*  A. Apply an IAM policy to an IAM group.
*  B. Apply an IAM policy to an IAM role.
*  C. Apply the same IAM policy to all IAM users with access to the same workload.
*  D. Apply an IAM policy to an Amazon Cognito user pool.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Instead of defining permissions for individual IAM users, it's usually more convenient to create groups that relate to job functions (administrators, developers, accounting, etc.). Next, define the relevant permissions for each group. Finally, assign IAM users to those groups. All the users in an IAM group inherit the permissions assigned to the group. That way, you can make changes for everyone in a group in just one place. As people move around in your company, you can simply change what IAM group their IAM user belongs to.


**Question 218**

218. A business need software solutions that are either hosted on the AWS platform or are linked with it. Independent software providers, as well asmanagement and security vendors, are required to provide solutions.Which organization or team is capable of providing these solutions?
*  A. AWS technical account managers (TAMs)
*  B. AWS Partner Network (APN) Consulting Partners
*  C. AWS Concierge Support
*  D. AWS Partner Network (APN) Technology Partners

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 219**

219. Which AWS services are available for application deployment? (Select two.)
*  A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  B. AWS Config
*  C. AWS OpsWorks
*  D. AWS Application Discovery Service
*  E. Amazon Kinesis

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**



**Question 220**

220. Which responsibility do customers bear while using Amazon EC2? (Select two.)
*  A. Underlying hardware maintenance
*  B. File-system-level encryption
*  C. Guest operating system firewall configuration
*  D. Hypervisor-level software patching
*  E. Physical security at data center facilities

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**



**Question 221**

221. A business needs handle a huge volume of data from social network accounts using high-throughput graphical queries.Which AWS service will assist the business in developing a cloud architecture that satisfies these criteria?
*  A. Amazon RDS
*  B. Amazon DynamoDB
*  C. Amazon Neptune
*  D. Amazon Redshift

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Neptune is a fast, reliable, fully managed graph
database service that makes it easy to build and run applications.


**Question 222**

222. Which AWS service enables the use of the AWS Cloud to host a NoSQL database?
*  A. Amazon Aurora
*  B. Amazon DynamoDB
*  C. Amazon RDS
*  D. Amazon Redshift

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability.


**Question 223**

223. A business is consolidating many apps into a single Amazon Web Services (AWS) account. The organization wishes to keep track of the AWS Cloud fees paid by individual applications.What can the business do to ensure compliance with this requirement?
*  A. Set up invoiced billing.
*  B. Use AWS Artifact.
*  C. Set the budgets in Cost Explorer.
*  D. Create cost allocation tags.	Using Cost Mocation Tags

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Using Cost Allocation Tags
A tag is a label that you or AWS assigns to an AWS resource. Each tag consists of a key and a value. For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag key can have only one value. You can use tags to organize your resources, and cost allocation tags to track your AWS costs on a detailed level. After you activate cost allocation tags, AWS uses the cost allocation tags to organize your resource costston your cost allocation report, to make it easier for you to categorize and track your AWS costs. AWS provides two types of cost allocation tags, an AWS generated tags and user-defined tags. AWS, or AWS Marketplace 1SV defines, creates, and applies the AWS generated tags for you, and you define, create, and apply user-defined tags. You must activate both types of tags separately before they can appear in Cost Explorer or on a cost allocation report.


**Question 224**

224. On an Amazon EC2 instance, a batch job takes 5 hours to complete. Monthly, the quantity of data to be processed doubles, and the time required to process it is proportionate.What is the optimal cloud architecture for meeting this escalating demand?
*  A. Run the application on a bigger EC2 instance size.
*  B. Switch to an EC2 instance family that better matches batch requirements.
*  C. Distribute the application across multiple EC2 instances and run the workload in parallel.
*  D. Run the application on a bare metal EC2 instance.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 225**

225. How can AWS Trusted Advisor assist AWS Cloud users? (Select two.)
*  A. It identifies software vulnerabilities in applications running on AWS
*  B. It provides a list of cost optimization recommendations based on current AWS usage
*  C. It detects potential security vulnerabilities caused by permissions settings on account resources
*  D. It automatically corrects potential security issues caused by permissions settings on account resources
*  E. It provides proactive alerting whenever an Amazon EC2 instance has been compromised

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**



**Question 226**

226. Which AWS function will assist users in determining the CPU capacity of an application running on an Amazon EC2 instance?
*  A. Amazon CloudWatch
*  B. AWS Config
*  C. AWS CloudTrail
*  D. Amazon Inspector

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
You can see the CPU Credit balance for each T2 instance in EC2 per-Instance metrics in Amazon Cloud Watch. T2 instances have four metrics, CPUCreditUsage,
CPUCreditBalance, CPUSurplusCreditBalance and CPUSurplusCreditsCharged.


**Question 227**

227. A user may create a master payer account in order to access aggregated billing data via:
*  A. AWS Budgets.
*  B. Amazon Macie.
*  C. Amazon QuickSight.
*  D. AWS Organizations.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 228**

228. Every few years, a business invests several months in modernizing its on-premises infrastructure. The organization wishes to shorten the time required for infrastructure purchase by shifting to the AWS Cloud.What is the primary advantage of transferring this use case to the AWS Cloud?
*  A. AWS will help move the existing hardware to the AWS data centers.
*  B. The company will have increased agility with on-demand access to IT resources.
*  C. Enterprise support will be available to help with recurring application installation and setup.
*  D. The company will experience less downtime with Multi-AZ deployments.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 229**

229. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering allows customers to aggregate billing for many accounts?
*  A. Amazon QuickSight
*  B. AWS Organizations
*  C. AWS Budgets
*  D. Amazon Forecast

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
You can use the consolidated billing feature in AWS Organizations to consolidate billing and payment for multiple AWS accounts or multiple Amazon Internet
Services Pvt. Ltd (AISPL) accounts. Every organization in AWS Organizations has a master (payer) account that pays the charges of all the member (linked) accounts.


**Question 230**

230. Which of the following are advantages of Amazon Web Services' cloud computing platform? (Select two.)
*  A. Unlimited uptime
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. Agility
*  D. Colocation
*  E. Capital expenses

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
The most celebrated benefit of AWS cloud is elasticity since you can expand the services when you experience more traffic.
Agile developments in AWS Cloud through strategies are day by day becoming more established within the enterprises across the world. With so much improvement and call for optimization in the cloud, it is necessary that these strategies get established from the ground up within the organizations. It is highly important as already enterprises have a lot of bequest, politics and hierarchies which act as barriers in their businesses.


**Question 231**

231. An application installed in the AWS Cloud exhibits irregular consumption patterns and is responsible for non-stop workloads.Which Amazon EC2 pricing plan is the MOST cost-effective for this application?
*  A. Dedicated Instances
*  B. Spot Instances
*  C. Reserved Instances
*  D. On-Demand Instances

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 232**

232. Which service's primary aim is to manage software versions?
*  A. Amazon CodeStar
*  B. AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
*  C. Amazon Cognito
*  D. AWS CodeCommit

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS CodeCommit is a version control service hosted by Amazon Web Services that you can use to privately store and manage assets (such as documents, source code, and binary files) in the cloud.


**Question 233**

233. A business is now undergoing a security examination. The audit includes a security and compliance review of the company's AWS infrastructure andservices. The auditor must identify and download AWS security and compliance materials. The System and Organization Control (SOC) reports are one of these documents.Which AWS service or collection of services is capable of providing these documents?
*  A. AWS Abuse team
*  B. AWS Artifact
*  C. AWS Support
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 234**

234. Which of the following is a design concept for AWS Cloud architecture?
*  A. Implement single points of failure.
*  B. Implement loose coupling.
*  C. Implement monolithic design.
*  D. Implement vertical scaling.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Loose coupling between services can also be done through asynchronous integration. It involves one component that generates events and another that consumes them. The two components do not integrate through direct point-to-point interaction, but usually through an intermediate durable storage layer. This approach decouples the two components and introduces additional resiliency. So, for example, if a process that is reading messages from the queue fails, messages can still be added to the queue to be processed when the system recovers.


**Question 235**

235. The continuous lowering in AWS Cloud price is a result of the following:
*  A. pay-as-you go pricing
*  B. the AWS global infrastructure
*  C. economies of scale
*  D. reserved storage pricing

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 236**

236. Which phase discusses agility as an advantage of AWS Cloud-based development?
*  A. The ability to pay only when computing resources are consumed, based on the volume of resources that are consumed
*  B. The ability to eliminate guessing about infrastructure capacity needs
*  C. The ability to support innovation through a reduction in the time that is required to make IT resources available to developers
*  D. The ability to deploy an application in multiple AWS Regions around the world in minutes

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 237**

237. A business wishes to deliver managed Windows virtual desktops and programs through secure network connections to its distant workers.Which AWS services does the business have access to in order to achieve these requirements? (Select two.)
*  A. Amazon Connect
*  B. Amazon AppStream 2.0
*  C. Amazon WorkSpaces
*  D. AWS Site-to-Site VPN
*  E. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**



**Question 238**

238. Which of the following is an AWS shared responsibility?
*  A. Identity and access management (IAM)
*  B. Server-side encryption (SSE)
*  C. Firewall configuration
*  D. Maintaining physical hardware

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 239**

239. Which storage service can be utilized to host static webpages at a minimal cost?
*  A. Amazon Glacier
*  B. Amazon DynamoDB
*  C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
*  D. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 240**

240. Which AWS services are globally specified rather than regionally defined? (Select two.)
*  A. Amazon Route 53
*  B. Amazon EC2
*  C. Amazon S3
*  D. Amazon CloudFront
*  E. Amazon DynamoDB

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**  
AWS Global, Regional, AZ resource Availabilit)
AWS provides a lot of services and these services are either Global, Regional or specific to the Availability Zone and cannot be accessed outside. Most of the AWS managed services are regional based services (except for IAM, Route53, CloudFront, WAF etc).

