# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Amazon AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)



**Question 281**

281. A media business want to disseminate video material through the internet to millions of viewers globally. The organization wishes to use AWS's worldwide network backbone in order to deliver cached material with minimal latency and fast data transfer rates.Which AWS service will satisfy these criteria?
*  A. Amazon CloudFront
*  B. AWS Global Accelerator
*  C. AWS Direct Connect
*  D. Amazon Connect

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 282**

282. Which AWS advantage allows customers to construct cloud infrastructure that spans various geographic areas and is linked through a low-latency, high-performance network?What about throughput and redundancy?
*  A. Economies of scale
*  B. Security
*  C. Elasticity
*  D. Global reach

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 283**

283. Which AWS service or feature enables businesses to take advantage of AWS's volume discounts?
*  A. Saving Plans
*  B. AWS Budgets
*  C. AWS Organizations
*  D. AWS Pricing Calculator

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Manage costs and optimize usage
AWS Organizations enables you to simplify costs and take advantage of quantity discounts with a single bill. In addition, you can optimize usage across your organization with services like AWS Compute Optimizer and AWS Cost Explorer.


**Question 284**

284. Which AWS IAM feature is used to link numerous users with a set of permissions?
*  A. Multi-factor authentication
*  B. Groups
*  C. Password policies
*  D. Access keys

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
An IAM group is a collection of IAM users. You can use groups to specify permissions for a collection of users, which can make those permissions easier to manage for those users. For example, you could have a group called Admins and give that group the types of permissions that administrators typically need.


**Question 285**

285. A social media firm has been tasked with the responsibility of launching a new function. Users will be able to share photographs that will be seen by other users worldwide with little delay.Which AWS service or feature should the business use in order to achieve this demand the most cost-effectively?
*  A. Amazon DynamoDB global tables
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. Amazon CloudFront
*  D. AWS Outposts

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Securely deliver content with low latency and high transfer speeds.


**Question 286**

286. Which AWS service enables application decoupling?
*  A. AWS Config
*  B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
*  C. AWS Batch
*  D. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon SQS refers to a message queuing service that is used for decoupling and
scaling microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications. SQS removes the complexity and overhead linked with managing and operating message-oriented middleware and empowers developers for focusing on differentiating work.


**Question 287**

287. Amazon EC2 web servers connect to a traditional application operating in a corporate data center.What phrase would be appropriate to use to describe this model?
*  A. Cloud-native
*  B. Partner network
*  C. Hybrid architecture
*  D. Infrastructure as a service

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS hybrid cloud services deliver a consistent AWS experience wherever you need it — from the cloud,
to on premises, and at the edge. Select from the broadest set of compute, networking, storage, security, identity, data integration, management, monitoring, and operations services to build hybrid architectures that meet your specific requirements and use cases.


**Question 288**

288. A previously utilized Amazon EC2 instance for development is no longer available and does not display in the AWS Management Console.Which AWS service should be utilized to discover what activity resulted in theinaccessibility of this EC2 instance?
*  A. Amazon CloudWatch Logs
*  B. AWS Security Hub
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. AWS CloudTrail

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Visibility into your AWS account activity is a key aspect of security and operational best practices. You can use CloudTrail to view, search, download, archive, analyze, and respond to account activity across your AWS infrastructure. You can identify who or what took which action, what resources were acted upon, when the event occurred, and other details to help you analyze and respond to activity in your AWS account. Optionally, you can enable AWS CloudTrail Insights on a trail to help you identify and respond to unusual activity.


**Question 289**

289. A Cloud Practitioner is required to retain data for seven years in order to comply with regulatory standards.Which AWS service meets this need for the LEAST amount of money?
*  A. Amazon S3
*  B. AWS Snowball
*  C. Amazon Redshift
*  D. Amazon S3 Glacier

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
S3 Glacier Deep Archive is Amazon S3's lowest-cost storage class and supports long-term retention and digital preservation for data that may be accessed once or twice in a year. It is designed for customers "particularly those in highly-regulated industries, such as the Financial Services, Healthcare, and Public Sectors"
that retain data sets for 7-10 years or longer to meet regulatory compliance requirements. S3 Glacier Deep Archive can also be used for backup and disaster recovery use cases, and is a cost-effective and easy-to-manage alternative to magnetic tape systems, whether they are on-premises libraries or off-premises services.


**Question 290**

290. What does AVVS's obligation under the shared responsibility paradigm entail?
*  A. Updating the network ACLs to block traffic to vulnerable ports.
*  B. Patching operating systems running on Amazon EC2 instances.
*  C. Updating the firmware on the underlying EC2 hosts.
*  D. Updating the security group rules to block traffic to the vulnerable ports.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 291**

291. AWS CloudFormation is intended to assist the user in the following ways:
*  A. model and provision resources.
*  B. update application code.
*  C. set up data lakes.
*  D. create reports for billing.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS CloudFormation provides a common language for you to model and provision AWS and third party application resources in your cloud environment. AWS
CloudFormation allows you to use programming languages or a simple text file to model and provision, in an automated and secure manner, all the resources needed for your applications across all regions and accounts. This gives you a single source of truth for your AWS and third party resources.


**Question 292**

292. A business wishes to grant access to Amazon RDS to one of its workers. Additionally, the corporation wishes to confine contact to the AWS CU and AWS software development kits (SDKs).Which combination of measures should the business do in order to satisfy these needs while adhering to the concept of least privilege? (Select two.)
*  A. Create an IAM user and provide AWS Management Console access only.
*  B. Create an IAM user and provide programmatic access only.
*  C. Create an IAM role and provide AWS Management Console access only.
*  D. Create an IAM policy with administrator access and attach it to the lAM user. L> •E. Create an IAM policy with Amazon RDS access and attach it to the [AM user.

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**



**Question 293**

293. Which of the following guidelines constitutes a well-architected design philosophy for cloud application development?
*  A. Keep static data closer to compute resources.
*  B. Provision resources for peak capacity.
*  C. Design for automated recovery from failure.
*  D. Use tightly coupled components.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Automatically recover from failure: By monitoring a workload for key performance indicators (KPIs), you can trigger automation when a threshold is breached. These KPIs should be a measure of business value, not of the technical aspects of the operation of the service. This allows for automatic notification and tracking of failures, and for automated recovery processes that work around or repair the failure. With more sophisticated automation, it's possible to anticipate and remediate failures before they occur.


**Question 294**

294. What are the immediate advantages of AWS Cloud computing? (Select two.)
*  A. Increased IT staff.
*  B. Capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses.
*  C. User control of infrastructure.
*  D. Increased agility.
*  E. AWS holds responsibility for security in the cloud.

**Answer** B, D

**Explanation**



**Question 295**

295. The following are the economical advantages of using AWS: (Choose two.)
*  A. reduced Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).
*  B. increased capital expenditure (capex).
*  C. reduced operational expenditure (opex).
*  D. deferred payment plans for startups.
*  E. business credit lines for stratups.

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**



**Question 296**

296. Which acts exemplify excellent practices for AWS IAM use? (Select two.)
*  A. Configure a strong password policy
*  B. Share the security credentials among users of AWS accounts who are in the same Region
*  C. Use access keys to log in to the AWS Management Console
*  D. Rotate access keys on a regular basis
*  E. Avoid using IAM roles to delegate permissions

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**



**Question 297**

297. A business want to establish templates that it may reuse when deploying numerous AWS resources.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering or functionality can the business employ to achieve this requirement?
*  A. AWS Marketplace
*  B. Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
*  C. AWS CloudFormation
*  D. AWS OpsWorks

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
After you have your stacks and resources set up, you can reuse your templates to replicate your infrastructure in multiple environments.
AWS CloudFormation simplifies provisioning and management on AWS. You can create templates for the service or application architectures you want and have AWS CloudFormation use those templates for quick and reliable provisioning of the services or applications (called "stacks"). You can also easily update or replicate the stacks as needed.


**Question 298**

298. Now can a business use AWS to lower its Total Cost of Ownership (TC0)?
*  A. By minimizing large capital expenditures
*  B. By having no responsibility for third-party license costs
*  C. By having no operational expenditures
*  D. By having AWS manage applications

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS helps you reduce Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) by reducing the need to invest in large capital expenditures and providing a pay-as-you-go model that empowers you to invest in the capacity you need and use it only when the business requires it.


**Question 299**

299. A business's website is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The firm must guarantee that the website is accessible to a worldwide audience and has a low latency for visitors.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering should the business employ to achieve these requirements?
*  A. Amazon Route 53
*  B. Amazon CloudFront
*  C. Elastic Load Balancing
*  D. AWS Lambda

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
CloudFront — Users can secure access to their websites and enable fast access worldwide.


**Question 300**

300. A business employs Amazon EC2 infrastructure to host steady-state workloads and is looking to save money.Which pricing model for EC2 instances should the business choose?
*  A. Reserved Instances
*  B. On-Demand Instances
*  C. Spot Instances
*  D. Dedicated Hosts

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon Reserved Instances are a great way to save money on AWS. Whether you're looking to save on EC2, RDS, Elasticache, Elasticsearch, or Redshift, there are options to save 30-70% compared to on-demand costs.


**Question 301**

301. Which actions should a user take if he or she detects a hacked AWS account? (Make a selection of at least two.)
*  A. Remove any multi-factor authentication (MFA) tokens.
*  B. Rotate and delete all AWS access keys.
*  C. Move resources to a different AWS Region.
*  D. Delete AWS CloudTrail resources.
*  E. Contact AWS Support.

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**



**Question 302**

302. Which job, in accordance with the AWS sharedresponsibility model, is AWS's duty for workloads operating on Amazon EC2?
*  A. Updating the physical hardware
*  B. Updating the operating system
*  C. Updating the database engine
*  D. Updating the user data

**Answer** A

**Explanation**



**Question 303**

303. Now can AWS MOST effectively cut a rising start-computing up's costs?
*  A. It provides on-demand resources for peak usage.
*  B. It automates the provisioning of individual developer environments.
*  C. It automates customer relationship management.
*  D. It implements a fixed monthly computing budget.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
You can continue to optimize your spend and keep your development costs low by making sure you revisit your architecture often, to adjust to your startup growth.
Manage your cost further by leveraging different options such as S3 CloudFront for caching & offloading to reduce cost of EC2 computing, as well as Elastic Load
Balancing which prepares you for massive scale, high reliability and uninterrupted growth. Another way to keep costs down is to use AWS Identity and Access
Management solutions (IAM) to manage governance of your cost drivers effectively and by the right teams.


**Question 304**

304. Which service manages objects by storing them, providing real-time access to them, and managing their versions and lifecycles?
*  A. Amazon Glacier
*  B. AWS Storage Gateway
*  C. Amazon S3
*  D. Amazon EBS

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 305**

305. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service may be used to securely store and manage source code versions?
*  A. AWS CodeBuild
*  B. AWS CodeCommit
*  C. AWS CodePipeline
*  D. AWS CodeStar

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS CodeCommit is a version control service hosted by Amazon Web Services that you can use to privately store and manage assets (such as documents, source code, and binary files) in the cloud.


**Question 306**

306. Which tool may be used to track planned AWS infrastructure changes?
*  A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. Billing Dashboard
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon Web Services (AWS) introduced AWS Config in 2014 to help users of their services track changes to the configuration of EC2 instances and other AWS resources. This offering was further enhanced in following years with the introduction of AWS Config Rules.


**Question 307**

307. Which of the following are AWS security recommended practices for managing an AWS account's root user using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)? (Chooselstwo.)
*  A. Set up multi-factor authentication (MFA) for the root user.
*  B. Remove all IAM policies from the root user.
*  C. Delete the root user access keys.
*  D. Use the root user for daily tasks.
*  E. Assign a read-only access policy to the root user.

**Answer** A, C

**Explanation**

* For increased security, we recommend that you configure multi-factor authentication (MFA) to help protect your AWS resources.
* You should never have access keys for your root user, you should delete or deactivate them immediately. The reason for this is access keys cannot have an MFA device linked to them, so if you were to accidentally leave them somewhere public, like a GitHub repository, then anyone with them can immediately use them.


**Question 308**

308. Which AWS Support package is the LEAST costly and gives 24-houraccess to AWS customer care and communities?
*  A. AWS Enterprise Support
*  B. AWS Business Support
*  C. AWS Developer Support
*  D. AWS Basic Support

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Basic Support is included for all AWS customers and includes: Customer Service and Communities - 24x7 access to customer service, documentation , whitepapers , and AWS re:Post. AWS Trusted Advisor - Access to core Trusted Advisor checks and guidance to provision your resources following best practices to increase performance and improve security.


**Question 309**

309. A firm that does business online must supply new capabilities rapidly and iteratively, decreasing time to market.Which AWS Cloud function is capable of doing this?
*  A. Elasticity
*  B. High availability
*  C. Agility
*  D. Reliability

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Agility is the ability to react quickly. In cloud, it takes a minute or two to create a Virtual Machine that is up and running. On the other hands, it takes days or weeks when we submit a request to purchase a physical server and by when it gets delivered.


**Question 310**

310. A business has a concentrated group of users with significant file storage needs that outstrip the available capacity on-premises. The organization wishes to expand its file storage capacities for this group while maintaining the performance advantages associated with local content sharing.Which AWS option is the MOST OPERATIONALLY EFFECTIVE in this scenario?
*  A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket for each users. Mount each bucket by using an S3 file system mounting utility.
*  B. Configure and deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway. Connect each user's workstation to the file gateway.
*  C. Move each user's working environment to Amazon WorkSpaces. Set up an Amazon WorkDocs account for each user.
*  D. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance and attach an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Provisioned 10PS volume. Share the EBS volume directly with the users.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 311**

311. Which AWS feature enables a business to use consumption levels across different member accounts?
*  A. Service control policies (SCPs)
*  B. Consolidated billing
*  C. All Upfront Reserved Instances
*  D. AWS Cost Explorer

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
MONTHLY CONSOLIDATED INVOICING AND CHARGEBACK REPORTING Each month you receive a single, consolidated invoice for your previous month's AWS consumption across all linked accounts, summarized by AWS service.


**Question 312**

312. To utilize the AWS CLI, users must produce the following:
*  A. a password policy.
*  B. an access/secret key.
*  C. a managed policy.
*  D. an API key.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
To use the CLI one must generate a manage policy. To access it one must use the secret access key.


**Question 313**

313. Which AWS solution enables customers to extend AWS infrastructure, AWS services, APIs, and tools to data centers, co-location settings, or on-premises facilities through a hybrid architecture?
*  A. AWS Snowmobile
*  B. AWS Local Zones
*  C. AWS Outposts
*  D. AWS Fargate

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
With AWS Outposts, you can run some AWS services locally and connect to a broad range of services available in the local AWS Region. Run applications and workloads on premises using familiar AWS services, tools, and APIs. Outposts supports workloads and devices requiring low latency access to on-premises systems, local data processing, data residency, and application migration with local system interdependencies.


**Question 314**

314. Which service allows consumers to audit AWS API calls?
*  A. AWS CloudTrail
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. AWS X-Ray

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
CloudTrail is a service offered by AWS that captures a log of all API calls for an AWS account and its services. CloudTrail enables continuous monitoring and post-incident forensic investigations of AWS by providing an audit trail of all activities across an AWS infrastructure. All CloudTrail logs files get stored in a dedicated S3 bucket.


**Question 315**

315. Which AWS service would be utilized to manage AWS access across numerous accounts in a centralized fashion?
*  A. AWS Service Catalog
*  B. AWS Config
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. AWS Organizations

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
To improve control over your AWS environment, you can use AWS Organizations to create groups of accounts, and then attach policies to a group to ensure the correct policies are applied across the accounts without requiring custom scripts and manual processes.


**Question 316**

316. Which Amazon Web Offerings (AWS) services provide computational capabilities? (Select two.)
*  A. Amazon EC2
*  B. Amazon S3
*  C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
*  D. Amazon Cognito
*  E. AWS Lambda

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**



**Question 317**

317. Which opportunities does AWS provide for clients interested in learning about cloud security in an instructor-led setting? (Select two.)
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. AWS Online Tech Talks
*  C. AWS Blog
*  D. AWS Forums
*  E. AWS Classroom Training

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**



**Question 318**

318. A business wishes to launch a worldwide commercial application using Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2). The deployment solution should be constructed with the greatest degree of redundancy and fault tolerance possible.According to this scenario, the following Amazon EC2 instances should be deployed:
*  A. in a single Availability Zone in one AWS Region
*  B. with multiple Elastic Network Interfaces belonging to different subnets
*  C. across multiple Availability Zones in one AWS Region
*  D. across multiple Availability Zones in two AWS Regions

**Answer** D

**Explanation**



**Question 319**

319. Which tool is most suited for integrating the billing of previously distinct AWS accounts?
*  A. Detailed billing report
*  B. Consolidated billing
*  C. AWS Cost and Usage report
*  D. Cost allocation report

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Consolidated billing has the following benefits:
•	One bill — You get one bill for multiple accounts.
•	Easy tracking — You can track the charges across multiple accounts and download the combined cost and usage data.
•	Combined usage — You can combine the usage across all accounts in the organization to share the volume pricing discounts, Reserved Instance discounts, and Savings Plans. This can result in a lower charge for your project, department, or company than with individual standalone accounts. For more information, see Volume discounts.
•	No extra fee — Consolidated billing is offered at no additional cost.


**Question 320**

320. How can deploying an application across several Availability Zones benefit you?
*  A. There is a lower risk of service failure if a natural disaster causes a service disruption in a given AWS Region.
*  B. The application will have higher availability because it can withstand a service disruption in one Availability Zone.
*  C. There will be better coverage as Availability Zones are geographically distant and can serve a wider area.
*  D. There will be decreased application latency that will improve the user experience.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  

