# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Amazon AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)



**Question 321**

321. Which of the following enables AWS customers to control billing expense allocations?
*  A. Tagging resources
*  B. Limiting who can create resources
*  C. Adding a secondary payment method
*  D. Running all operations on a single AWS account

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS tags allow you to define a tag like "billing service" or "team" or "cost center" and then apply that to as many AWS resources as needed. You're able to apply each tag to more than one resource, and you're able to apply up to 50 tags to each resource. At the end of each billing period, AWS generates a comma-separated value document.


**Question 322**

322. A business is developing an application that will be hosted in a single AWS Region and will serve end customers located around the globe. The firm wishes to give low-latency access to application data to end users.Which of the following services will assist you in achieving your goal?
*  A. Amazon CloudFront
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. Amazon Route 53 global DNS
*  D. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) transfer acceleration

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront features can be customized for your specific application requirements. extend your custom code across AWS locations worldwide, allowing you to move even complex application logic closer to your end users to improve responsiveness.


**Question 323**

323. The application of a business has a variable start and finish time. Which pricing option for Amazon EC2 will be the MOST cost-effective?
*  A. On-Demand Instances
*  B. Spot Instances
*  C. Reserved Instances
*  D. Dedicated Hosts

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Spot instances
Amazon EC2 Spot instances allow you to request spare Amazon EC2 computing capacity for up to 90% of the On _Demand price. Learn More.
Spot instances are recommended for:
•	Applications that have flexible start and end times
•	Applications that are only feasible at very low compute prices
•	Users with urgent computing needs for large amounts of additional capacity,
See Spot pricing n


**Question 324**

324. A new application is being developed by a business that will save and retrieve millions of photographs and movies.Which AWS service or feature offers the CHEAPEST underlying storage?
*  A. Amazon EC2 instance store
*  B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
*  C. Amazon S3
*  D. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon S3 is cheapest for data storage alone.


**Question 325**

325. A business intends to use the AWS Cloud to host a huge ecommerce application. The business must have an architecture that safeguards against network-based security threats such as DDoS assaults.Which Amazon Web Offerings (AWS) services should the business employ to achieve this requirement? (Select two.)
*  A. Amazon Inspector
*  B. Amazon GuardDuty
*  C. Amazon CloudFront
*  D. AWS Shield
*  E. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**  
AWS WAF is a web application firewall that can be deployed on CloudFront to help protect your application against DDoS attacks by giving you control over which traffic to allow or block by defining security rules
AWS Shield is a managed Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) protection service that safeguards applications running on AWS.


**Question 326**

326. Which AWS service or functionality enables the user to control application traffic between regions?
*  A. Amazon AppStream 2.0
*  B. Amazon VPC
*  C. Elastic Load Balancer
*  D. Amazon Route 53

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon Route 53 — Geoproximity Routing Policy (source AWS docs) Geoproximity routing lets Amazon Route 53 route traffic to your resources based on the geographic location of your users and your resources.


**Question 327**

327. What expenses should be addressed when comparing the total cost of ownership (TCO) of an on-premises infrastructure to a cloud architecture? (Select two.)
*  A. The credit card processing fees for application transactions in the cloud.
*  B. The cost of purchasing and installing server hardware in the on-premises data.
*  C. The cost of administering the infrastructure, including operating system and software installations, patches, backups, and recovering from failures.
*  D. The costs of third-party penetration testing.
*  E. The advertising costs associated with an ongoing enterprise-wide campaign.

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**



**Question 328**

328. Which service is an AWS-managed Hadoop framework that enables processing massive volumes of data across dynamically expandable Amazon EC2 instances simple, quick, and cost-effective?
*  A. Amazon EMR
*  B. Amazon EC2
*  C. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
*  D. Amazon Redshift

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Amazon EMR (Amazon Elastic MapReduce) provides a managed Hadoop framework
using the elastic infrastructure of Amazon EC2 and Amazon S3. It distributes computation of the data over multiple Amazon EC2 instances.


**Question 329**

329. What is the greatest place for a user to get information and reports on AWS compliance?
*  A. AWS Artifact
*  B. AWS Marketplace
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. AWS Support

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Artifact — AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that matters to you. It provides on-demand access to AWS's security and compliance reports and select online agreements.


**Question 330**

330. A business wishes to be alerted when its AWS Cloud expenses or usage surpass certain limits.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering will meet these requirements?
*  A. AWS Budgets
*  B. Cost Explorer
*  C. AWS CloudTrail
*  D. Amazon Macie

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Budgets allows you to set custom budgets to track your cost and usage from the simplest to the most complex use cases. With AWS Budgets, you can choose to be alerted by email or SNS notification when actual or forecasted cost and usage exceed your budget threshold, or when your actual RI and Savings Plans' utilization or coverage drops below your desired threshold.


**Question 331**

331. A business needs to monitor changes to AWS resource configurations for compliance purposes.Which Amazon Web Services functionality may be utilized to fulfill this requirement?
*  A. AWS Cost and Usage Report
*  B. AWS Organizations service control policies (SCPs)
*  C. AWS Config rules
*  D. VPC Flow Logs

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Config lets you configure rules that you would like your AWS resources to fulfil,
and tracks to see whether the resources comply with those rules. Every time something is changed, Config records the change. It stores a snap of the system at custom intervals set by the user and even records how one AWS resource relates to another.


**Question 332**

332. A customer requests advise on potential cost reductions associated with the migration from on-premises to AWS.Which tool is most appropriate in this situation?
*  A. AWS Budgets
*  B. Cost Explorer
*  C. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
*  D. •	ft AWS Well-Architected Tool

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
The TCO Calculator provides directional guidance on possible realized savings when deploying AWS. This tool is built on an underlying calculation model, that generates a fair assessment of value that a customer may achieve given the data provided by the user.


**Question 333**

333. Which AWS services or functionalities enable customers to establish a network connection between two virtual private clouds (VPCs)? (Select two.)
*  A. VPC endpoints
*  B. Amazon Route 53
*  C. VPC peering
*  D. AWS Direct Connect
*  E. AWS Transit Gateway

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**



**Question 334**

334. Which of the following is a recommended method for setting IAM user policies?
*  A. Start with a large set of permissions and remove the permissions that are not required.
*  B. Use only Amazon managed policies.
*  C. Start with a minimum set of permissions and grant additional permissions as necessary.
*  D. Attach policies directly to each user individually.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Grant least privilege
When you create IAM policies, follow the standard security advice of granting least privilege, or granting only the permissions required to perform a task: Determine what users (and roles) need to do and then craft policies that allow them to perform only those tasks.
Start with a minimum set of permissions and grant additional permissions as necessary. Doing so is more secure than starting with permissions that are too lenient and then trying to tighten them later.


**Question 335**

335. How can consolidated billing benefit a business with many AWS accounts?
*  A. It aggregates usage across accounts so that the company can reach volume discount thresholds sooner.
*  B. It offers an additional 5% discount on purchases of All Upfront Reserved Instances.
*  C. it provides a simplified billing invoice that the company can process more quickly than a standard invoice.
*  D. It gives AWS resellers the ability to bill their customers for usage.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Using consolidated billing, you can combine usage from multiple accounts into a single invoice, allowing you to reach the tiers with lower prices faster. You can also apply unused reservations from one account to another account's instance usage.


**Question 336**

336. AWS's pay-as-you-go pricing model:
*  A. reduces capital expenditures.
*  B. requires payment up front for AWS services.
*  C. is relevant only for Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, and Amazon RDS.
*  D. reduces operational expenditures.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS helps you reduce Total Cost of Ownership (TOO) by reducing the need to invest in large capital expenditures and providing a pay-as-you-go model that empowers you to invest in the capacity you need and use it only when the business requires it


**Question 337**

337. What AWS feature relates to a customer's flexibility to scale up and down applications to meet changeable demand?
*  A. Elasticity
*  B. Agility
*  C. Security
*  D. Scalability

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The ability to increase the size of the workload either software or hardware in your existing infrastructure and at the same time making sure that the performance is not impacted is known as scalability in AWS.


**Question 338**

338. Which AWS Cloud feature enables resource supply to be matched to changing workload demands?
*  A. Security
*  B. Reliability
*  C. Elasticity
*  D. High availability

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
In AWS, the process of getting the resources dynamically when you actually require them and then release the resources when you are done and do not need them is known as elasticity.


**Question 339**

339. A business has chosen to shift its production workloads to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud.Which activities may assist in lowering operating expenses associated with the migration? (Select two.)
*  A. Reduce overprovisioned instances.
*  B. Rehost all third-party licenses on AWS.
*  C. Implement a highly available architecture.
*  D. Use managed services.
*  E. Improve application security.

**Answer** A, D

**Explanation**



**Question 340**

340. A business want to provide a single user complete access to an Amazon S3 bucket.Which element in the S3 bucket policy contains information about the users who need access to the S3 bucket?
*  A. Principal
*  B. Action
*  C. Resource
*  D. Statement

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
Principal —The account or user who is allowed access to the actions and resources in the statement. In a bucket policy, the principal is the user, account, service, or other entity that is the recipient of this permission.


**Question 341**

341. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) solution enables clients to acquire unused Amazon EC2 capacity at often reduced prices?
*  A. Reserved Instances
*  B. On-Demand Instances
*  C. Dedicated Instances
*  D. Spot Instances

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
A Spot Instance is a standard AWS EC2 instance (machine) that is available for less than the On-Demand price due to spare EC2 capacity. By requesting unused EC2 instances at a discounted price


**Question 342**

342. Which of the following procedures should a client perform while doing penetration testing on Amazon Web Services (AWS)?
*  A. Conduct penetration testing using Amazon Inspector, and then notify AWS support.
*  B. Request and wait for approval from the customer's internal security team, and then conduct testing.
*  C. Notify AWS support, and then conduct testing immediately.
*  D. Request and wait for approval from AWS support, and then conduct testing.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS customers are welcome to carry out security assessments or penetration tests against their AWS infrastructure without prior approval for 8 services
'Amazon EC2 instances, NAT Gateways, and Elastic Load Balancers
'Amazon RDS 'Amazon CloudFront
'Amazon Aurora 'Amazon API Gateways
•	AWS Fargate
•	AWS Lambda and Lambda Edge functions
'Amazon Lightsail resources
'Amazon Elastic Beanstalk environments


**Question 343**

343. Which service would be responsible for network connection in a hybrid design that incorporates Amazon Web Services?
*  A. Amazon VPC
*  B. AWS Direct Connect
*  C. AWS Directory Service
*  D. •	11 Amazon API Gateway

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Hybrid network connection : this component refers to the connection from the on-premises networking edge device to the AWS Cloud (it can be physical connection such as AWS Direct Connect, or an overlay connection such as a Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN)


**Question 344**

344. What is the name given to the several, separate sites inside an AWS Region that are linked by low-latency networks?
*  A. AWS Direct Connects
*  B. Amazon VPCs
*  C. Edge locations
*  D. Availability Zones

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Availability Zones are interconnected within a region for low Latency.


**Question 345**

345. Which of the following AWS services can be utilized to efficiently deliver big volumes of online video content? (Select two.)
*  A. AWS Storage Gateway
*  B. Amazon S3
*  C. Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)
*  D. Amazon Glacier
*  E. Amazom CloudFront

**Answer** B, E

**Explanation**  
Amazon CloudFront is configured with the destination S3 bucket as the origin for global distribution of the transcoded video content.


**Question 346**

346. Which Amazon EC2 price option is appropriate for applications that need intermittent, spiky, or unexpected workloads?
*  A. Spot Instances
*  B. Dedicated Hosts
*  C. On-Demand Instances
*  D. Reserved Instances

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
On-Demand instances are recommended for :
'Users that prefer the low cost and flexibility of Amazon EC2 without any up-front payment or long-term commitment
'Applications with short-term, spiky, or unpredictable workloads that cannot be interrupted 'Applications being developed or tested on Amazon EC2 for the first time


**Question 347**

347. Which of the following is a duty of the client under the AWS shared responsibility model?
*  A. Virtualization infrastructure
*  B. Network infrastructure
*  C. Application security
*  D. Physical security of hardware

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Customers retain control of what security they choose to implement to protect their own content, platform, applications, systems and networks.


**Question 348**

348. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service can be used to monitor illegal API calls?
*  A. AWS Config
*  B. AWS CloudTrail
*  C. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  D. Amazon Inspector

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS CloudTrail allows AWS customers to record API calls, sending log files to Amazon S3 buckets for storage. The service provides API activity data including the identity of an API caller, the time of an API call, the source of the IP address of an API caller, the request parameters and the response elements returned by the AWS service.


**Question 349**

349. An ecommerce firm predicts a significant rise in online traffic in the run-up to two very popular shopping holidays.Which AWS service or functionality enables dynamic resource adjustment in response to this change in demand?
*  A. AWS CloudTrail
*  B. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
*  C. Amazon Forecast
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling Use predictive scaling to increase the number of EC2 instances in your Auto Scaling group in advance of daily and weekly patterns in traffic flows.


**Question 350**

350. Which strategy contributes to the cost optimization of consumers migrating to the AWS Cloud?
*  A. Paying only for what is used
*  B. Purchasing hardware before it is needed
*  C. Manually provisioning cloud resources
*  D. Purchasing for the maximum possible load

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
With AWS you only pay for what use, helping your organization remain agile, responsive and always able to meet scale demands.


**Question 351**

351. What enables a business to give a low-latency experience to its worldwide users?
*  A. Using an AWS Region that is central to all users
*  B. Using a second Availability Zone in the AWS Region that is using used
*  C. Enabling caching in the AWS Region that is being used
*  D. Using edge locations to put content closer to all users

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
the edge location is physically much closer to the user than the origin server, it has lower latency.


**Question 352**

352. A business has optimized its workload by using certain AWS services in order to increase efficiency and minimize costs.Which cost management best practice does this case demonstrate?
*  A. Resource controls
*  B. Cost allocation
*  C. Architecture optimization
*  D. Tagging enforcement

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Architecture optimization focuses on the need to continually refine workloads to be more cost-conscious to create better architected systems


**Question 353**

353. Which feature of cloud computing can AWS exhibit via its capacity to provide reduced variable prices as a consequence of big purchase volumes?
*  A. Pay-as-you-go pricing
*  B. High availability
*  C. Global reach
*  D. Economies of scale

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
The economies of scale effect occurs because costs can now be spread over a larger number of customers. The infrastructure becomes cheaper, prices can be reduced and new customers benefit from the lower prices.


**Question 354**

354. Customer duties under the AWS shared responsibility model include which of the following?
*  A. Securing the hardware, software, facilities, and networks that run all products and services.
*  B. Providing certificates, reports, and other documentation directly to AWS customers under NBA.
*  C. Configuring the operating system, network, and firewall.
*  D. Obtaining industry certifications and independent third-party attestations.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 355**

355. A customer with an AWS Basic Support subscription has discovered that their AWS resources are being used for unauthorized purposes.What is the preferred mechanism for the user to notify AWS of the activity?
*  A. Contact the AWS Concierge Support team.
*  B. Contact an AWS technical account manager.
*  C. Contact the AWS Abuse team.
*  D. Contact the AWS Support team.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
If you suspect that AWS resources are used for abusive purposes, contact the
AWS Abuse team using the Report Amazon AWS abuse form, or by contacting abuse@amazonaws.com. Provide all the necessary information, including logs in plaintext, email headers, and so on, when you submit your request.


**Question 356**

356. Which AWS service should a business use to check the compliance of AWS resource settings on a continual basis?
*  A. AWS Organizations
*  B. AWS Config
*  C. AWS Artifact
*  D. AWS Service Catalog

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously  monitors and records your AWS resource configurations and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configurations. With Config, you can review changes in configurations and relationships between AWS resources, dive into detailed resource configuration histories, and determine your overall compliance against the configurations specified in your internal guidelines. This enables you to simplify compliance auditing, security analysis, change management, and operational troubleshooting.


**Question 357**

357. Which AWS Cloud feature relieves customers of the requirement to estimate future infrastructure consumption?
*  A. Easy and fast deployment of applications in multiple Regions around the world
*  B. Security of the AWS Cloud
*  C. Elasticity of the AWS Cloud
*  D. Lower variable costs due to massive economies of scale

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Implement elasticity
*Identify the workloads that have variable load.
*Identify if the increase in demand can be met by automatic scaling, or if it needs to be in place before (for events, launches, etc.).


**Question 358**

358. Which pattern is suggested for creating an AWS highly available architecture?
*  A. Ensure that components have low-latency network connectivity.
*  B. Run enough Amazon EC2 instances to operate at peak load.
*  C. Ensure that the application is designed to accommodate failure of any single component.
*  D. Use a monolithic application that handles all operations.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Web Services provides services and infrastructure to build reliable, fault-tolerant, and highly available systems in the cloud. Fault-tolerance defines the ability for a system to remain in operation even if some of the components used to build the system fail.


**Question 359**

359. A business is contemplating migrating its on-premises data center to Amazon Web Services (AWS).What aspects should a Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) study consider? (Select two.)
*  A. Amazon EC2 instance availability
*  B. Power consumption of the data center
*  C. Labor costs to replace old servers
*  D. Application developer time
*  E. Database engine capacity

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
Total cost of ownership (TCO) is an analysis that looks at the hidden costs beyond price and places a single value on the complete life-cycle of a capital purchase. This value includes every phase of ownership: acquisition, operation, and the softer costs of change management that flows down from acquisition such as documentation and training.


**Question 360**

360. A business currently operates an on-premises Microsoft SQL Server instance and is transferring its application to AWS. Although the firm lacks the resources necessary to modify the program, management wants to cut operating costs as part of the move.Which database service is most capable of meeting these requirements?
*  A. Amazon DynamoDB
*  B. Amazon Redshift
*  C. Microsoft SQL Server on Amazon EC2
*  D. Amazon RDS for SQL Server

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
With Amazon RDS, your database operations are managed by AWS, leaving your team free to focus on innovation. Amazon RDS handles instance failover, data backups, and software updates, so you can enjoy the efficiencies of the AWS Cloud for a fast and reliable database option.

