# AWS Certified Practitioner Exam

## Amazon AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)


**Question 401**

401. One advantage of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) on-demand pricing is the following:
*  A. the ability to bid for a lower hourly cost.
*  B. paying a daily rate regardless of time used.
*  C. paying only for time used.
*  D. pre-paying for instances and paying a lower hourly rate.

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
On-Demand Capacity Reservations are priced exactly the same as their equivalent (On-Demand) instance usage. If a Capacity Reservation is fully utilized, you only pay for instance usage and nothing towards the Capacity Reservation. If a Capacity Reservation is partially utilized, you pay for the instance usage and for the unused portion of the Capacity Reservation.


**Question 402**

402. Which AWS service enables you to swiftly conduct one-time queries on Amazon S3 data?
*  A. Amazon EMR
*  B. Amazon DynamoDB
*  C. Amazon Redshift
*  D. Amazon Athena

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Amazon Athena is an interactive query service that makes it easy to analyze data in Amazon 53 using standard SQL. Athena is serverless, so there is no infrastructure to manage, and you pay only for the queries that you run.


**Question 403**

403. Which VPC component adds an additional layer of protection to the subnet?
*  A. Security groups
*  B. Network ACLs
*  C. NAT gateways
*  D. Route tables

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
A security group acts as a virtual firewall, controlling the traffic that is allowed to reach and leave the resources that it is associated with. For example, after you associate a security group with an EC2 instance, it controls the inbound and outbound traffic for the instance.


**Question 404**

404. Which AWS Support package is the LEAST EXPENSIVE that includes a dedicated AWS technical account manager (TAM)?
*  A. AWS Developer Support i
*  B. AWS Enterprise Support
*  C. AWS Basic Support
*  D. AWS Business Support

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 405**

405. Which tool is suitable for monitoring Amazon Web Services service limits?
*  A. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  D. AWS Cost and Usage report

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Trusted Adviser analyse your AWS account and provides recommendation:
-Cost Optimization
-Performance
-Security
-Fault Tolerance
-Service Limits


**Question 406**

406. Which AWS service or functionality involves the implementation of an internet service provider (ISP) and a colocation facility?
*  A. AWS VPN
*  B. Amazon Connect
*  C. AWS Direct Connect
*  D. Internet gateway

**Answer** C

**Explanation**



**Question 407**

407. Which cloud architectural design concepts are advised for re-architecting a huge monolithic application? (Select two.)
*  A. Use manual monitoring.
*  B. Use fixed servers.
*  C. Implement loose coupling.
*  D. Rely on individual components.
*  E. Design for scalability.

**Answer** C, E

**Explanation**  
Rearchitecting applications involves sweeping change where an old monolithic application is completely revamped according to modern microservices architecture. Using individual components to re-architect a big application is one part of the process. The most important part is to design the application for scalability because the level of investment for a monolithic application can only be justified when resilience and scalability is needed.


**Question 408**

408. The worldwide architecture of Amazon Web Services is comprised ofRegions, Availability Zones, and what else?
*  A. VPCs
*  B. Data centers
*  C. Dark fiber network links
*  D. Edge locations

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 409**

409. A business must monitor its AWS accounts and determine when an API request is performed against its AWS resources.Which AWS product or service is most appropriate for meeting these requirements?
*  A. Amazon CloudWatch
*  B. Amazon Inspector
*  C. AWS Cloud Trail
*  D. AWS IAM

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
How it works
AWS CloudTrail monitors and records account activity across your AWS infrastructure; giving you control over storage, analysis, and remediation actions.


**Question 410**

410. Which AWS Cloud feature will enable a multinational corporation to meet its demand for low latency to all of its customers?
*  A. Fault tolerance
*  B. Global reach
*  C. Pay-as-you-go pricing
*  D. High availability

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 411**

411. A business currently operates in one AWS Region and is extending operations to a second. In the second Region, the organization is utilizing the identical AWS CloudFormation template as in the original Region. When the organization seeks to deploy Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances in the second Region, it encounters errors.What might possibly be the source of these error messages?
*  A. A new EC2 key pair has not been created for the EC2 instances.
*  B. The requested EC2 instance types are not available in the second Region.
*  C. The company cannot operate in a second Region until it updates its AWS contract.
*  D. The company has not configured AWS Budgets to monitor the budget for the EC2 instances.

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
The key pair <key pair associated with your EC2 instance> does not exist. Launching EC2 instance failed.


**Question 412**

412. Which principles are used while architecting apps for AWS Cloud reliability? (Select two.)
*  A. Design for automated failure recovery
*  B. Use multiple Availability Zones
*  C. Manage changes via documented processes
*  D. Test for moderate demand to ensure reliability
*  E. Backup recovery to an on-premises environment

**Answer** A, B

**Explanation**  
Reliability
The Reliability pillar encompasses the ability of a workload to perform its intended function correctly and consistently when its expected to. This includes the ability to operate and test the workload through its total lifecycle. You can find prescriptive guidance on implementation in the Reliability Pillar whitepaper.
Design Principles
There are five design principles for reliability in the cloud:
•	Automatically recover from failure
•	Test recovery procedures
•	Scale horizontally to increase aggregate workload availability
•	Stop guessing capacity
•	Manage change in automation


**Question 413**

413. AWS is responsible for which of the following security-related elements of hosting an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance?
*  A. Security of private keys
*  B. Hypervisor software updates
*  C. Security updates to software running on the instance
*  D. Policies controlling instance access

**Answer** B

**Explanation**



**Question 414**

414. Which of the following statements most accurately characterizes Elastic Load Balancing?
*  A. It translates a domain name into an IP address using DNS.
*  B. It distributes incoming application traffic across one or more Amazon EC2 instances.
*  C. It collects metrics on connected Amazon EC2 instances.
*  D. It automatically adjusts the number of Amazon EC2 instances to support incoming traffic.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple targets and virtual appliances in one or more Availability Zones (AZs).


**Question 415**

415. Which feature of the AWS Cloud enables customers to reduce idle CPU capacity?
*  A. Agility
*  B. Elasticity
*  C. Reliability
*  D. Durability

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Cloud elasticity is the ability to gain or reduce computing resources such
as CPU/processing, RAM, input/output bandwidth, and storage capacities on demand without causing system performance disruptions. This is often an automatic process in cloud computing.


**Question 416**

416. A corporation is developing a mobile application to give its clients with shopping suggestions. The business intends to include a graph database into the shopping recommendation engine.Which Amazon Web Services database service should the business use?
*  A. Amazon DynamoDB
*  B. Amazon Aurora
*  C. Amazon Neptune
*  D. Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility)

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
Amazon Neptune is a fast, reliable, fully managed graph database service that makes it easy to build and run applications.


**Question 417**

417. A business wishes to establish a dedicated link between its on-premises IT infrastructure and AWS Region resources. Additionally, the organization wishes to decrease network latency and congestion.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service or functionality should the business select?
*  A. AWS VPN
*  B. AWS PrivateLink
*  C. Amazon Connect
*  D. AWS Direct Connect

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
How it works
The AWS Direct Connect cloud service is the shortest path to your AWS.resoUrces. While in transit, your network traffic remains on the AWS global network and never touches the public internet. This reduces the chance of hitting bottlenecks or unexpected increases in latency. When creating a new connection, you can choose a hosted connection provided by an AWS Direct Connect Delivery Partner, or choose a dedicated connection from AWS—and deploy at over 100 AWS Direct Connect Locations around the globe. With AWS Direct Connect SiteLink, you can send data between AWS Direct Conned locations to create private network connections between the offices and data centers in your global network.


**Question 418**

418. Which AWS service allows clients to audit and monitor AWS resource changes?
*  A. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  B. Amazon GuardDuty
*  C. Amazon Inspector
*  D. AWS Config

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously monitors and records your
AWS resource configurations and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configurations. With Config, you can review changes in configurations and relationships between AWS resources, dive into detailed resource configuration histories, and determine your overall compliance against the configurations specified in your internal guidelines. This enables you to simplify compliance auditing, security analysis, change management, and operational troubleshooting.


**Question 419**

419. Which of the following is an advantage of using AWS's cloud computing platform?
*  A. Permissive security removes the administrative burden.
*  B. Ability to focus on revenue-generating activities.
*  C. Control over cloud network hardware.
*  D. Choice of specific cloud hardware vendors.

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Developer and IT staff productivity accounted for nearly 30% of overall financial benefits. The remaining benefits were driven by the flexibility and agility of
Amazon cloud infrastructure services, which make it easier to trial new business models, support revenue-generating applications, and provide more reliable services to end users.


**Question 420**

420. Which AWS service or feature gives information about planned events that are now occurring or may occur in the near future and may impact an AWS account?
*  A. AWS Config
*  B. AWS Systems Manager
*  C. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
*  D. AWS Trusted Advisor

**Answer** C

**Explanation**  
AWS Personal Health Dashboard provides alerts and guidance for AWS events that might affect your environment. While the Service Health Dashboard shows the general status of AWS services, thetPersonal Health Dashboard provides proactive and transparent notifications about your specific AWS environment.
All AWS customers can access the Personal Health Dashboard.'The Personal Health Dashboard shows recent events to help you manage active events, and shows proactive notifications so that you can plan for scheduled activities. Use these alerts to get notified about changes that can affect your AWS resources, and then follow the guidance to diagnose and resolve issues.


**Question 421**

421. A business has many Amazon Web Services accounts and want to streamline and unify its billing process.Which AWS service is capable of doing this?
*  A. AWS Cost and Usage Reports
*  B. AWS Organizations
*  C. AWS Cost Explorer
*  D. AWS Budgets

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
You can use the consolidated billing feature in AWS Organizations to consolidate billing and payment for multiple AWS accounts or multiple Amazon Internet
Services Pvt. Ltd (AISPL) accounts. Every organization in AWS Organizations has a master (payer) account that pays the charges of all the member (linked) accounts.


**Question 422**

422. What does it imply when a customer uses AWS to construct a hybrid cloud architecture?
*  A. All resources run using on-premises infrastructure.
*  B. Some resources run on-premises and some run in a colocation center.
*  C. All resources run in the AWS Cloud.
*  D. Some resources run on-premises and some run in the AWS Cloud.

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Hybrid cloud combines and unifies public cloud, private cloud and on-premises infrastructure to create a single, flexible, cost-optimal IT infrastructure.


**Question 423**

423. A business wishes to anticipate its AWS Cloud expenses for the following year based on historical AWS Cloud spending patterns.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering should the business employ to achieve this requirement?
*  A. AWS Control Tower
*  B. Cost Explorer
*  C. AWS OpsWorks
*  D. AWS CloudFormation

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time.


**Question 424**

424. Which AWS service or feature can help to improve network security by restricting requests for a web application hosted on AWS from a certain network? (Select two.)
*  A. AWS WAF
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor
*  C. AWS Direct Connect
*  D. AWS Organizations
*  E. Network ACLs

**Answer** A, E

**Explanation**  
AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect your web applications or APIs against common web exploits and bots that may affect availability, compromise security, or consume excessive resources.
A network access control list (ACL) is an optional layer of security for your VPC that acts as a firewall for controlling traffic in and out of one or more subnets.


**Question 425**

425. Which components are necessary to configure an AWS site-to-site VPN connection successfully? (Select two.)
*  A. Internet gateway
*  B. NAT gateway
*  C. Customer gateway
*  D. Transit gateway
*  E. Virtual private gateway

**Answer** C, D

**Explanation**



**Question 426**

426. A business need security against increased distributed denial of service (DDoS) assaults on its website, as well as help from AWS professionals in the case of such an attack.     Which AWS managed service will satisfy these criteria?
*  A. AWS Shield Advanced
*  B. AWS Firewall Manager
*  C. AWS WAF
*  D. Amazon GuardDuty

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
AWS Shield is a managed Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) protection service that safeguards applications running on AWS. AWS Shield provides always-on detection and automatic inline mitigations that minimize application downtime and latency, so there is no need to engage AWS Support to benefit from DDoS protection. There are two tiers of AWS Shield - Standard and Advanced.


**Question 427**

427. A Cloud Practitioner requires a dedicated link between AWS resources and an on-premises system that is constant and devoted.Which AWS service satisfies this criterion?
*  A. AWS Direct Connect
*  B. AWS VPN
*  C. Amazon Connect
*  D. AWS Data Pipeline

**Answer** A

**Explanation**  
You can use AWS Direct Connect to establish a private virtual interface from your on-premise network directly to your Amazon VPC, providing you with a private, high bandwidth network connection between your network and your VPC. With multiple virtual interfaces, you can even establish private connectivity to multiple
VPCs while maintaining network isolation.


**Question 428**

428. A business requires the migration of a significant amount of data from an on-premises datacenter to the AWS Cloud. The internet connection at the workplace is sluggish and unstable.Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service is capable of facilitating this data transfer?
*  A. Amazon S3 Glacier
*  B. AWS Snowball
*  C. AWS Storage Gateway
*  D. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

**Answer** B

**Explanation**  
Snowball is a petabyte-scale data transport solution that uses secure appliances to transfer large amounts of data into and out of the AWS cloud. Using Snowball addresses common challenges with large-scale data transfers including high network costs, long transfer times, and security concerns.


**Question 429**

429. Which AWS service or functionality allows customers to encrypt data stored in Amazon S3 during the storage process?
*  A. IAM policies
*  B. Server-side encryption
*  C. Amazon GuardDuty
*  D. Client-side encryption

**Answer** D

**Explanation**  
Client-Side Encryption — Encrypt data client-side and upload the encrypted data to Amazon S3. In this case, you manage the encryption process, the encryption keys, and related tools.


**Question 430**

430. AWS provides which of the following security-related services? (Select two.)
*  A. Multi-factor authentication physical tokens
*  B. AWS Trusted Advisor security checks
*  C. Data encryption
*  D. Automated penetration testing
*  E. Amazon S3 copyrighted content detection

**Answer** B, C

**Explanation**  
•	Real-time insight through Trusted Advisor
•	Helps protect data via encryption.

